A long, long time ago, Loki the space witch went to seek her fortune. An old mad promoter told Loki a story. 'Turn your ear,' she said to Loki, 'to this frame story.'

Once upon a time, Mad Pliny the technojack set sail for adventure. . Mad Pliny encountered a warrior along the way. The warrior demanded that Mad Pliny tell a story. 'Listen well,', replied the patient technojack, and began.

A long, long time ago, Smith IV the unicorn lived in a boring specific location; Smith IV loved the specific location but living there made her ill. So she had no choice but to leave her home.. Soon Smith IV found an ancient book and opened it. As Smith IV read, the book told a strange story:

A few years ago, Jedoo the applied sparrow went to seek his fortune. Jedoo thought he might find FORTUNE at an army camp. The next thing anyone knows is that Jedoo passed through the army camp and moved on. Jedoo thought constantly about the FORTUNE he sought. Jedoo passed by a cat. Jedoo arrived home later that day. Smith IV slammed the eldritch book closed and returned home.

The happy warrior thanked Mad Pliny and left. That day, a second warrior demanded that Mad Pliny tell a story. 'Turn your ear,', replied the talkative technojack, and began.

When the world was still young, Jitquible the owl was convinced by a rabbit to travel the world. Jitquible passed by an astute theater hero living in the wilderness. Later, Jitquible encountered a grave town. Jitquible found verself within a village. Within the village, Jitquible happened upon a mysterious dome. Within the mysterious dome, Jitquible happened upon an arcology. Within the arcology, Jitquible accidentally went into a specific location. The next thing anyone knows is that Jitquible passed through the specific location and moved on. Jitquible found nothing of interest in the boring arcology. Jitquible found nothing of interest in the boring mysterious dome. Within the village, Jitquible found verself within a village. Jitquible found nothing of interest in the eldritch village. Jitquible found nothing of interest in the ponderous village. Tiring of travel, Jitquible settled down.

The puzzled warrior thanked Mad Pliny and left. Later that day, a third warrior ignored Mad Pliny. Then Mad Pliny encountered a dark cave. An old occult zookeeper told Mad Pliny a story. 'Rest a while, and you can listen,' she said to Mad Pliny, 'to this frame yarn.'

When the world was still young, Eep III the technowitch resumed their habitual travels. An old erotic witch told Eep III a story. 'Rest a while, and you can listen,' she said to Eep III, 'to this unique account.'

Once upon a time, John the Mad the brain pirate set sail for adventure. . An old space mathematician told John the Mad a story. 'Turn your ear,' she said to John the Mad, 'to this portentous yarn.'

Once upon a time, Iewstie the blood mathematician left ver home. Iewstie accidentally went into an army camp. After this, Iewstie passed through the army camp and moved on. Soon Iewstie passed by a dark cave. Iewstie encountered a grave town. Iewstie still wanted TRAVEL. Later that day, Iewstie found an ancient book and opened it. As Iewstie read, the book told a frame saga:

When the world was still young, Stepet the blood promoter lived in a ponderous series of twisting passageways; Stepet loved the series of twisting passageways but ver true love was sick; so ve had no choice but to leave ver home.. Stepet passed by a lumber technounicorn fighting a sphinx. An old professional wizard told Stepet a story. 'Turn your ear,' she said to Stepet, 'to this portentous yarn.'

When the world was still young, Kikktkk III the aspiring wizard was convinced by a theater operator to travel the world. That day, Kikktkk III found an ancient book and opened it. As Kikktkk III read, the book told a portentous rumor:

When the world was still young, Zelph the Mad the robin set out for adventure. . Zelph the Mad encountered a dark cave. Zelph the Mad thought constantly about the ADVENTURE she sought. An old time detective told Zelph the Mad a story. 'Listen well,' she said to Zelph the Mad, 'to this memorable story.'

When the world was still young, Thab the Conquerer the cyberentrepreneur left her home. That day, Thab the Conquerer found an ancient book and opened it. As Thab the Conquerer read, the book told a mysterious account:

When the world was still young, Libb III the brain wizard had found refuge in a relevant series of twisting passageways; Libb III felt safe at the series of twisting passageways but his true love was sick; so he had no choice but to leave his home.. Libb III found himself within a village. In due course of time, Libb III passed through the village and moved on. Libb III thought constantly about the MEDICINE he sought. Libb III encountered a mysterious sunrise. Later, Libb III encountered a unicorn living in an eerie house. Libb III passed by a parrot fighting a sphinx. Libb III was determined to find MEDICINE. Libb III encountered a tedious town. To this day, nobody knows what happened to Libb III. 'What a patient book,' Thab the Conquerer thought, and took it for her own. Thab the Conquerer encountered a dust mite. Tiring of travel, Thab the Conquerer settled down.

'I am just a robin', said Zelph the Mad, 'and you are a skilled time detective. I will think about what you have said'. Zelph the Mad passed by a relevant sunrise. Zelph the Mad still wanted ADVENTURE. Zelph the Mad passed by a raven. To this day, nobody knows what happened to Zelph the Mad.

As Kikktkk III turned the page, another baffling rumor began:

A few years ago, Mad Morgana the occult criminal set out for adventure. . An old gentleman author told Mad Morgana a story. 'Turn your ear,' she said to Mad Morgana, 'to this relevant account.'

A long, long time ago, Wro IV the aspiring worm set sail for adventure. . Wro IV passed by a frame sunrise. Wro IV eventually went home.

'I am just an occult criminal', said Mad Morgana, 'and you are a learnéd gentleman author. I will remember your story'. Mad Morgana thought they might find ADVENTURE at a series of twisting passageways. Within the series of twisting passageways, Mad Morgana found themself within a specific location. Within the specific location, Mad Morgana found themself within a relevant dome. Within the relevant dome, Mad Morgana found themself within a series of twisting passageways. Within the series of twisting passageways, Mad Morgana happened upon a relevant dome. Mad Morgana found nothing of interest in the ponderous relevant dome. Mad Morgana found nothing of interest in the eldritch series of twisting passageways. Within the relevant dome, Mad Morgana found themself within a cavern. Mad Morgana found nothing of interest in the blasphemous cavern. Within the relevant dome, Mad Morgana found themself within a cavern. Within the cavern, Mad Morgana accidentally went into a cavern. Within the cavern, Mad Morgana happened upon a specific location. After this, Mad Morgana passed through the specific location and moved on. Within the cavern, Mad Morgana accidentally went into an arcology. Mad Morgana found nothing of interest in the tedious arcology. Mad Morgana found nothing of interest in the ancient cavern. Within the cavern, Mad Morgana happened upon a specific location. Within the specific location, Mad Morgana happened upon a mysterious dome. Within the mysterious dome, Mad Morgana accidentally went into a village. Eventually, Mad Morgana passed through the village and moved on. Mad Morgana found nothing of interest in the huge mysterious dome. Mad Morgana found nothing of interest in the tedious specific location. Within the cavern, Mad Morgana found themself within an enchanting dome. Mad Morgana found nothing of interest in the boring enchanting dome. Mad Morgana found nothing of interest in the evil cavern. Within the relevant dome, Mad Morgana found themself within an arcology. Next, Mad Morgana passed through the arcology and moved on. Mad Morgana found nothing of interest in the ponderous relevant dome. Eventually, Mad Morgana passed through the specific location and moved on. Immediately, Mad Morgana passed through the series of twisting passageways and moved on. Tiring of travel, Mad Morgana settled down. Kikktkk III searched the pages for more, but that was all.

'I am just a blood promoter', said Stepet, 'and you are a learnéd professional wizard. I will heed your advice'. Stepet passed by a vast army. After this, Stepet passed by a sphinx fighting a worm. Stepet found verself within a series of twisting passageways. Within the series of twisting passageways, Stepet accidentally went into a specific location. After this, Stepet passed through the specific location and moved on. Within the series of twisting passageways, Stepet happened upon a specific location. The next thing anyone knows is that Stepet passed through the specific location and moved on. Within the series of twisting passageways, Stepet happened upon a cavern. Because of this, Stepet passed through the cavern and moved on. Within the series of twisting passageways, Stepet found verself within a specific location. Then, Stepet passed through the specific location and moved on. Next, Stepet passed through the series of twisting passageways and moved on. Stepet passed by a lumber unicorn fighting a sphinx. Tiring of travel, Stepet settled down.

The tale inspired Iewstie to go on. Then Iewstie found an ancient book and opened it. As Iewstie read, the book told an eerie tale:

When the world was still young, Dekax III the time operator set sail for adventure. . Dekax III thought they might find excitement at a series of twisting passageways. Within the series of twisting passageways, Dekax III found themself within a cavern. Within the cavern, Dekax III found themself within an arcology. Within the arcology, Dekax III accidentally went into a series of twisting passageways. That day, Dekax III passed through the series of twisting passageways and moved on. Dekax III found nothing of interest in the huge arcology. Dekax III found nothing of interest in the tedious cavern. Dekax III found nothing of interest in the offensive series of twisting passageways. Dekax III was determined to find excitement. Dekax III thought they might find excitement at a village. Then Dekax III passed through the village and moved on. Dekax III thought constantly about the excitement they sought. Dekax III passed by a strange sunrise. The next thing anyone knows is that Dekax III passed by an astute brain philosopher living in the wilderness. Dekax III accidentally went into an arcology. After this, Dekax III passed through the arcology and moved on. Tiring of travel, Dekax III settled down.

The tale inspired Iewstie to go on. Iewstie found verself within a relevant dome. Eventually, Iewstie passed through the relevant dome and moved on. Iewstie eventually went home.

John the Mad thanked the space mathematician for the warning and returned home.

'I am just a technowitch', said Eep III, 'and you are a wise erotic witch. I will heed your advice'. Eep III encountered a traveler along the way. The traveler ignored Eep III. The next thing anyone knows is that a second traveler ignored Eep III. Immediately, a third traveler ignored Eep III. Eep III eventually went home.

'I am just a technojack', said Mad Pliny, 'and you are a wise occult zookeeper. I will remember your story'. Mad Pliny accidentally went into a specific location. Mad Pliny found nothing of interest in the ponderous specific location. Mad Pliny still wanted adventure. Mad Pliny encountered a warrior along the way. The warrior demanded that Mad Pliny tell a story. 'Listen well,', replied the sly technojack, and began.

A long, long time ago, King John the occult zookeeper went to seek their fortune. King John encountered a waterfall. King John encountered a traveler along the way. The traveler gave King John an expensive gift. That day, a second traveler ignored King John. Soon a third traveler gave King John a grave gift. Later that day, King John passed by a vast army. King John encountered an occult zookeeper along the way. The occult zookeeper demanded that King John tell a story. 'Rest a while, and you can listen,', replied the sly occult zookeeper, and began.

A few years ago, Stidlee Esquire the occult zookeeper had found refuge in a relevant specific location; Stidlee Esquire felt safe at the specific location but his true love was sick; so he had no choice but to leave his home.. Stidlee Esquire encountered a waterfall. Stidlee Esquire thought he might find MEDICINE at a series of twisting passageways. Later that day, Stidlee Esquire passed through the series of twisting passageways and moved on. Soon Stidlee Esquire passed by a dragon fighting a gryphon. Stidlee Esquire passed by a strange sunrise. Stidlee Esquire thought constantly about the MEDICINE he sought. Stidlee Esquire encountered a prophet along the way. The prophet ignored Stidlee Esquire. Because of this, a second prophet gave Stidlee Esquire an extravagent gift. Next, a third prophet gave Stidlee Esquire an expensive gift. An old occult zookeeper told Stidlee Esquire a story. 'Listen well,' she said to Stidlee Esquire, 'to this baffling legend.'

Once upon a time, Hee the Conquerer the occult zookeeper resumed their habitual travels. In due course of time, Hee the Conquerer found an ancient book and opened it. As Hee the Conquerer read, the book told an eerie story:

Once upon a time, Crazy Izzi the occult zookeeper had found refuge in a mysterious eerie dome; Crazy Izzi felt safe at the eerie dome but living there made them ill. So they had no choice but to leave their home.. Crazy Izzi passed by a wistful occult zookeeper living in the wilderness. Crazy Izzi was determined to find HOMEILL. Crazy Izzi encountered an occult zookeeper along the way. The occult zookeeper ignored Crazy Izzi. That day, a second occult zookeeper ignored Crazy Izzi. The next thing anyone knows is that a third occult zookeeper ignored Crazy Izzi. Tiring of travel, Crazy Izzi settled down.

The tale inspired Hee the Conquerer to go on. Hee the Conquerer passed by an eagle fighting a kitten. Hee the Conquerer encountered a salesman along the way. The salesman ignored Hee the Conquerer. Later that day, a second salesman ignored Hee the Conquerer. After this, a third salesman stood in Hee the Conquerer's way, but Hee the Conquerer found another path, through a cavern. Within the cavern, Hee the Conquerer accidentally went into a specific location. Then, Hee the Conquerer passed through the specific location and moved on. Within the cavern, Hee the Conquerer happened upon an arcology. Within the arcology, Hee the Conquerer found themself within a cavern. Hee the Conquerer found nothing of interest in the boring cavern. Hee the Conquerer found nothing of interest in the tedious arcology. Hee the Conquerer found nothing of interest in the blasphemous cavern.. Eventually, Hee the Conquerer went home.

But Stidlee Esquire did not listen, and continued on. An old occult zookeeper told Stidlee Esquire a story. 'Turn your ear,' she said to Stidlee Esquire, 'to this frame rumor.'

When the world was still young, Wemk the occult zookeeper set out for adventure. . Wemk encountered a traveler along the way. The traveler gave Wemk a magnificent gift. In due course of time, a second traveler ignored Wemk. After this, a third traveler stood in Wemk's way, but Wemk found another path, through a cavern. Within the cavern, Wemk found herself within an arcology. Wemk found nothing of interest in the ancient arcology. Within the cavern, Wemk accidentally went into a specific location. Wemk found nothing of interest in the eldritch specific location. Wemk found nothing of interest in the grave cavern.. Eventually, Wemk encountered a unique sunrise. An old occult zookeeper told Wemk a story. 'Rest a while, and you can listen,' she said to Wemk, 'to this portentous story.'

A few years ago, Mad Sam the occult zookeeper had found refuge in a memorable cavern; Mad Sam felt safe at the cavern but life there was boring; So ve arranged a trip abroad.. Mad Sam thought ve might find at a village. Within the village, Mad Sam happened upon an army camp. Mad Sam found nothing of interest in the ancient army camp. That day, Mad Sam passed through the village and moved on. Mad Sam thought ve might find at a memorable dome. Because of this, Mad Sam passed through the memorable dome and moved on. Soon Mad Sam found an ancient book and opened it. As Mad Sam read, the book told an enchanting story:

A few years ago, Wie the occult zookeeper lived in a boring village; Wie loved the village but life there was boring; So ve arranged a trip abroad.. An old occult zookeeper told Wie a story. 'Listen well,' she said to Wie, 'to this relevant saga.'

Once upon a time, Orsclieru III the occult zookeeper set out for adventure. . An old occult zookeeper told Orsclieru III a story. 'Listen well,' she said to Orsclieru III, 'to this portentous tale.'

Once upon a time, King Zelph the occult zookeeper went to seek her fortune. King Zelph encountered a waterfall. The next thing anyone knows is that King Zelph passed by a lizard fighting a kitten. Later, King Zelph found an ancient book and opened it. As King Zelph read, the book told a memorable tale:

When the world was still young, Regret the occult zookeeper was convinced by an occult zookeeper to travel the world. Regret thought they might find TRAVEL at an arcology. In due course of time, Regret passed through the arcology and moved on. To this day, nobody knows what happened to Regret. King Zelph searched the pages for more, but that was all.

Orsclieru III thanked the occult zookeeper for the warning and returned home.

Wie thanked the occult zookeeper for the warning and returned home.

The tale inspired Mad Sam to go on. Mad Sam encountered a salesman along the way. The salesman ignored Mad Sam. After this, a second salesman stood in Mad Sam's way, but Mad Sam found another path, through an army camp. Soon Mad Sam passed through the army camp and moved on.. Later that day, a third salesman ignored Mad Sam. To this day, nobody knows what happened to Mad Sam.

Wemk thanked the occult zookeeper for the warning and returned home.

But Stidlee Esquire did not listen, and continued on. Stidlee Esquire encountered an occult zookeeper along the way. The occult zookeeper gave Stidlee Esquire a rare gift. The next thing anyone knows is that a second occult zookeeper ignored Stidlee Esquire. In due course of time, a third occult zookeeper gave Stidlee Esquire an expensive gift. Then Stidlee Esquire encountered a waterfall. Next, Stidlee Esquire found an ancient book and opened it. As Stidlee Esquire read, the book told a memorable account:

Once upon a time, Vierfux the occult zookeeper resumed his habitual travels. Vierfux happened upon a series of twisting passageways. After this, Vierfux passed through the series of twisting passageways and moved on. Then Vierfux encountered a robin fighting a dog. Vierfux encountered a warrior along the way. The warrior stood in Vierfux's way, but Vierfux found another path, through a village. Later that day, Vierfux passed through the village and moved on.. Soon a second warrior demanded that Vierfux tell a story. 'Rest a while, and you can listen,', replied the tricky occult zookeeper, and began.

Once upon a time, Loki the Conquerer the occult zookeeper left his home. In due course of time, Loki the Conquerer found an ancient book and opened it. As Loki the Conquerer read, the book told a strange account:

Once upon a time, Scrudlarscre Esquire the occult zookeeper was convinced by an occult zookeeper to travel the world. An old occult zookeeper told Scrudlarscre Esquire a story. 'Turn your ear,' she said to Scrudlarscre Esquire, 'to this relevant story.'

A long, long time ago, Dudje Esquire the occult zookeeper resumed ver habitual travels. The next thing anyone knows is that Dudje Esquire found an ancient book and opened it. As Dudje Esquire read, the book told a memorable account:

A few years ago, Darcy Esquire the occult zookeeper set out for adventure. . Darcy Esquire accidentally went into an army camp. Darcy Esquire found nothing of interest in the eldritch army camp. Soon Darcy Esquire encountered a waterfall. Darcy Esquire passed by a ponderous town. Tiring of travel, Darcy Esquire settled down. Dudje Esquire slammed the tedious book closed and returned home.

Scrudlarscre Esquire thanked the occult zookeeper for the warning and returned home. Loki the Conquerer slammed the huge book closed and returned home.

The thoughtful warrior thanked Vierfux and left. Later that day, a third warrior ignored Vierfux. To this day, nobody knows what happened to Vierfux.

As Stidlee Esquire turned the page, another relevant legend began:

Once upon a time, Edge-case Jedoo the occult zookeeper lived in a ponderous arcology; Edge-case Jedoo loved the arcology but his true love was sick; so he had no choice but to leave his home.. Edge-case Jedoo passed by a vast army. Edge-case Jedoo encountered an occult zookeeper along the way. The occult zookeeper gave Edge-case Jedoo a blasphemous gift. The next thing anyone knows is that a second occult zookeeper gave Edge-case Jedoo a magnificent gift. Eventually, a third occult zookeeper gave Edge-case Jedoo a tasteful gift. To this day, nobody knows what happened to Edge-case Jedoo.

As Stidlee Esquire turned the page, another baffling tale began:

Once upon a time, Greel the occult zookeeper had found refuge in a strange cavern; Greel felt safe at the cavern but her true love was sick; so she had no choice but to leave her home.. An old occult zookeeper told Greel a story. 'Hey! You'd better listen,' she said to Greel, 'to this memorable account.'

A long, long time ago, Howpror the Mad the occult zookeeper went to seek her fortune. Howpror the Mad passed by a vast army. Howpror the Mad arrived home later that day.

Greel thanked the occult zookeeper for the warning and returned home. Stidlee Esquire slammed the ancient book closed and returned home.

The happy occult zookeeper thanked King John and left. Because of this, a second occult zookeeper stood in King John's way, but King John found another path, through an army camp. The next thing anyone knows is that King John passed through the army camp and moved on.. Later, a third occult zookeeper gave King John a rare gift. Then King John passed by a worm fighting a dragon. King John happened upon an arcology. Within the arcology, King John happened upon an arcology. After this, King John passed through the arcology and moved on. Later, King John passed through the arcology and moved on. Next, King John passed by a vast army. King John encountered a dolphin living in a strange house. King John arrived home later that day.

The wistful warrior thanked Mad Pliny and left. After this, a second warrior demanded that Mad Pliny tell a story. 'Listen well,', replied the patient technojack, and began.

A few years ago, Jamey the occult zookeeper was convinced by an occult zookeeper to travel the world. Jamey encountered a waterfall. Jamey thought she might find TRAVEL at an eerie dome. Jamey found nothing of interest in the evil eerie dome. Jamey thought constantly about the TRAVEL she sought. Jamey happened upon a cavern. Within the cavern, Jamey found herself within a village. Within the village, Jamey accidentally went into a memorable dome. Eventually, Jamey passed through the memorable dome and moved on. Jamey found nothing of interest in the huge village. Jamey found nothing of interest in the ancient cavern. Jamey eventually went home.

The chastened warrior thanked Mad Pliny and left. Later that day, a third warrior gave Mad Pliny a tasteful gift. Mad Pliny still wanted adventure. Mad Pliny encountered a salesman along the way. The salesman stood in Mad Pliny's way, but Mad Pliny found another path, through a cavern. Mad Pliny found nothing of interest in the ponderous cavern.. The next thing anyone knows is that a second salesman demanded that Mad Pliny tell a story. 'Listen well,', replied the sly technojack, and began.

Once upon a time, Angwe the Elder the occult zookeeper was convinced by an occult zookeeper to travel the world. Angwe the Elder found verself within a village. Within the village, Angwe the Elder accidentally went into an army camp. Immediately, Angwe the Elder passed through the army camp and moved on. Later that day, Angwe the Elder passed through the village and moved on. Angwe the Elder eventually went home.

The courteous salesman thanked Mad Pliny and left. Later, a third salesman demanded that Mad Pliny tell a story. 'Turn your ear,', replied the tricky technojack, and began.

A few years ago, Cliengstruxer the Mad the occult zookeeper went to seek ver fortune. Cliengstruxer the Mad encountered a rabbit living in an eerie house. Cliengstruxer the Mad was determined to find FORTUNE. Cliengstruxer the Mad passed by a wistful occult zookeeper living in the wilderness. Cliengstruxer the Mad passed by a coyote. Cliengstruxer the Mad still wanted FORTUNE. Cliengstruxer the Mad happened upon a memorable dome. Cliengstruxer the Mad found nothing of interest in the ponderous memorable dome. Tiring of travel, Cliengstruxer the Mad settled down.

The chastened salesman thanked Mad Pliny and left. To this day, nobody knows what happened to Mad Pliny.

But Loki did not listen, and continued on. An old mad promoter told Loki a story. 'Turn your ear,' she said to Loki, 'to this unique saga.'

A long, long time ago, Doctor Morgana the mad promoter set sail for adventure. . Doctor Morgana accidentally went into a specific location. Doctor Morgana found nothing of interest in the ponderous specific location. Doctor Morgana still wanted excitement. Doctor Morgana encountered a waterfall. Immediately, Doctor Morgana encountered an eerie sunrise. Doctor Morgana encountered a lizard. Doctor Morgana was determined to find excitement. Doctor Morgana thought ve might find excitement at an army camp. Doctor Morgana found nothing of interest in the boring army camp. Doctor Morgana still wanted excitement. Doctor Morgana passed by a blasphemous town. Doctor Morgana eventually went home.

Loki thanked the mad promoter for the warning and returned home.
