~~~~~~~

Word count: 953 

When the world was still young, Etbriedstrie Esquire the cyberblood promoter had found refuge in a frame canyon. Etbriedstrie Esquire felt safe at the canyon but living there made him ill. So he had no choice but to leave his home. An old applied pirate told Etbriedstrie Esquire a story. "Turn your ear," ve said to Etbriedstrie Esquire, "to this unique yarn."STORYGOESHERE

 But Etbriedstrie Esquire did not listen, and continued on. Etbriedstrie Esquire passed by a waterfall. Etbriedstrie Esquire passed by a vexed time zoosparrow living in the wilderness. Etbriedstrie Esquire accidentally went into a baffling mansion. Etbriedstrie Esquire found nothing of interest in the grave baffling mansion. Eventually, Etbriedstrie Esquire encountered an axlotl fighting a dust mite. Etbriedstrie Esquire encountered a salesman along the way. The salesman stood in Etbriedstrie Esquire's way, but Etbriedstrie Esquire found another path, through a shipyard. Immediately, Etbriedstrie Esquire passed through the shipyard and moved on.. Soon a second salesman gave Etbriedstrie Esquire a tasteful gift. Immediately, a third salesman gave Etbriedstrie Esquire a magnificent gift. Etbriedstrie Esquire found himself within an army camp. Etbriedstrie Esquire found nothing of interest in the tedious army camp. Etbriedstrie Esquire still wanted  somewhere livable. Etbriedstrie Esquire passed by a wistful first smuggler living in the wilderness. Etbriedstrie Esquire encountered a cyberjackalope. Later that day, Etbriedstrie Esquire found an ancient book and opened it.  As Etbriedstrie Esquire read, the book told a frame legend: 



A long, long time ago, Captain Ibwhixse the cybervampire went to seek their fortune. Captain Ibwhixse thought they might find wealth at a peaceful protest. Within the peaceful protest, Captain Ibwhixse happened upon a marketplace. Within the marketplace, Captain Ibwhixse accidentally went into a palace. Within the palace, Captain Ibwhixse happened upon a bad neighborhood. Captain Ibwhixse found nothing of interest in the eldritch bad neighborhood. Within the palace, Captain Ibwhixse happened upon an army camp. Captain Ibwhixse found nothing of interest in the boring army camp. Because of this, Captain Ibwhixse passed through the palace and moved on. Because of this, Captain Ibwhixse passed through the marketplace and moved on. Within the peaceful protest, Captain Ibwhixse happened upon a thunderstorm. Captain Ibwhixse found nothing of interest in the ancient thunderstorm. Within the peaceful protest, Captain Ibwhixse happened upon a bad state of mind. Captain Ibwhixse found nothing of interest in the ancient bad state of mind. Within the peaceful protest, Captain Ibwhixse accidentally went into an arcology. Within the arcology, Captain Ibwhixse found themself within a peaceful protest. Captain Ibwhixse found nothing of interest in the evil peaceful protest. Later, Captain Ibwhixse passed through the arcology and moved on. Within the peaceful protest, Captain Ibwhixse accidentally went into a raven's belly. Within the raven's belly, Captain Ibwhixse happened upon an island. Within the island, Captain Ibwhixse accidentally went into a mansion. Later, Captain Ibwhixse passed through the mansion and moved on. Captain Ibwhixse found nothing of interest in the ponderous island. Captain Ibwhixse found nothing of interest in the grave raven's belly. That day, Captain Ibwhixse passed through the peaceful protest and moved on. Later, Captain Ibwhixse went home. 

As Etbriedstrie Esquire turned the page, another unique legend began: STORYGOESHERE "What a tricky book," Etbriedstrie Esquire thought, and took it for his own. Etbriedstrie Esquire accidentally went into an army camp. Etbriedstrie Esquire found nothing of interest in the evil army camp. Etbriedstrie Esquire thought constantly about the a new home he sought. Etbriedstrie Esquire passed by a waterfall. Etbriedstrie Esquire happened upon a courtyard. Within the courtyard, Etbriedstrie Esquire found himself within a party. Then, Etbriedstrie Esquire passed through the party and moved on. Etbriedstrie Esquire found nothing of interest in the boring courtyard. Soon Etbriedstrie Esquire encountered a wistful erotic cowboy living in the wilderness. That day, Etbriedstrie Esquire found an ancient book and opened it.  As Etbriedstrie Esquire read, the book told a memorable rumor: 



Once upon a time, Inculcand Esquire the secret technowitch resumed ver habitual travels. Inculcand Esquire passed by a vast army. Inculcand Esquire was determined to find good times. Inculcand Esquire encountered a traveler along the way. The traveler stood in Inculcand Esquire's way, but Inculcand Esquire found another path, through a thunderstorm. Within the thunderstorm, Inculcand Esquire accidentally went into a specific location. Then Inculcand Esquire passed through the specific location and moved on. Inculcand Esquire found nothing of interest in the ancient thunderstorm.. Soon a second traveler stood in Inculcand Esquire's way, but Inculcand Esquire found another path, through a canyon. Next, Inculcand Esquire passed through the canyon and moved on.. Then a third traveler demanded that Inculcand Esquire tell a story. "Hey! You'd better listen," replied the tricky secret technowitch, and began. STORYGOESHERE

The indignant traveler thanked Inculcand Esquire and left. Inculcand Esquire was determined to find novelty. Inculcand Esquire thought ve might find to travel at a courtyard. Within the courtyard, Inculcand Esquire happened upon a peaceful protest. Inculcand Esquire found nothing of interest in the tedious peaceful protest. Inculcand Esquire found nothing of interest in the offensive courtyard. Inculcand Esquire passed by a vast army. Inculcand Esquire arrived home later that day. "What a sly book," Etbriedstrie Esquire thought, and took it for his own. Etbriedstrie Esquire encountered a vast army. Etbriedstrie Esquire encountered a cartcyberpirate along the way. The cartcyberpirate demanded that Etbriedstrie Esquire tell a story. "Hey! You'd better listen," replied the thoughtful cyberblood promoter, and began. STORYGOESHERE

The eeried cartcyberpirate thanked Etbriedstrie Esquire and left. Then a second cartcyberpirate stood in Etbriedstrie Esquire's way, but Etbriedstrie Esquire found another path, through a marketplace. Soon Etbriedstrie Esquire passed through the marketplace and moved on.. In due course of time, a third cartcyberpirate ignored Etbriedstrie Esquire. To this day, nobody knows what happened to Etbriedstrie Esquire. 
