~~~~~~~

Word count: 1519 

Once upon a time, Edge-case Pliny the theoretical mechanic resumed his habitual travels. An old supercriminalseller told Edge-case Pliny a story. "Hey! You'd better listen," they said to Edge-case Pliny, "to this portentous account."STORYGOESHERE

 "I am just a theoretical mechanic', said Edge-case Pliny, "and you are a learnéd supercriminalseller. I will remember your story". Edge-case Pliny thought constantly about the novelty he sought. An old aspiring wormdetective told Edge-case Pliny a story. "Turn your ear," she said to Edge-case Pliny, "to this enchanting legend."STORYGOESHERE

 "I am just a theoretical mechanic', said Edge-case Pliny, "and you are a learnéd aspiring wormdetective. I will remember your story". Edge-case Pliny encountered a warrior along the way. The warrior gave Edge-case Pliny a blasphemous gift. Eventually, a second warrior ignored Edge-case Pliny. Immediately, a third warrior stood in Edge-case Pliny's way, but Edge-case Pliny found another path, through a bad state of mind. Edge-case Pliny found nothing of interest in the blasphemous bad state of mind.. At long last, Edge-case Pliny happened upon a likely source of the novelty he so desired. The thoughtful theoretical mechanic had heard a rumor that a superastronaut at a nearby city could help him find interesting sights. So Edge-case Pliny went. That day, Edge-case Pliny fell deeply in love with a tricky gryphonpromoter named Princess ((femalename)) who wanted a sparrow. As Edge-case Pliny walked further into the city, he met a penniless blood vampire named Tertia Casing who was looking for a key so he could unlock the Princess's heart. Edge-case Pliny offered to help. "I myself am a theoretical mechanic," said Edge-case Pliny. "I think I can find you a key." As Edge-case Pliny walked further into the city, he met a penniless world-jack named Deborah Sword who was looking for a key so she could unlock the Princess's heart. Edge-case Pliny offered to help. "I myself am a theoretical mechanic," said Edge-case Pliny. "I think I can find you a key." Edge-case Pliny explored the city and found it full of interesting people. At times he thought that perhaps even if he never found the key, he might simply settle down here. As Edge-case Pliny walked further into the city, he met a penniless occult promoter named Betty W. D. Johnson who was looking for a key so she could unlock the Princess's heart. Edge-case Pliny offered to help. "I myself am a theoretical mechanic," said Edge-case Pliny. "I think I can find you a key." As Edge-case Pliny walked further into the city, he met a penniless professional promoter named Rebecca Steelcaster who was looking for a key so she could get to the next level. Edge-case Pliny offered to help. "I myself am a theoretical mechanic," said Edge-case Pliny. "I think I can find you a key." Edge-case Pliny explored the city and found it warm and pleasant. At times he thought that perhaps even if he never found the key, he might simply settle down here. Edge-case Pliny explored the city and found it warm and pleasant. At times he thought that perhaps even if he never found the key, he might simply settle down here. At long last, Edge-case Pliny tracked down the key and returned it to Rebecca Steelcaster. Edge-case Pliny returned the key to the poor professional promoter. "Thanks a million!" she said, and rushed off to get to the next level. As Edge-case Pliny walked further into the city, he met a penniless professional paleovampire named Yietabub Shark who was looking for a unicorn so he could make a stew. Edge-case Pliny offered to help. "I myself am a theoretical mechanic," said Edge-case Pliny. "I think I can find you a unicorn." Edge-case Pliny explored the city and found it very interesting. At times he thought that perhaps even if he never found the unicorn, he might simply settle down here. Finally, Edge-case Pliny tracked down the unicorn and returned it to Yietabub Shark. Edge-case Pliny returned the unicorn to the poor professional paleovampire. "Thanks a million!" he said, and rushed off to make a stew. Edge-case Pliny explored the city and found it warm and pleasant. At times he thought that perhaps even if he never found the unicorn, he might simply settle down here. At long last, Edge-case Pliny tracked down the unicorn and returned it to Yietabub Shark. Yietabub Shark the professional paleovampire was astonished to see Edge-case Pliny return with the unicorn. "I've heard your looking for this." Yietabub Shark showed Edge-case Pliny the unicorn he had been searching for.

 Yietabub Shark the professional paleovampire was astonished to see Edge-case Pliny return with the unicorn. "I've heard your looking for this." Yietabub Shark showed Edge-case Pliny the unicorn he had been searching for.

 Edge-case Pliny returned the unicorn to the poor professional paleovampire. "Thanks a million!" he said, and rushed off to make a stew. Edge-case Pliny explored the city and found it warm and pleasant. At times he thought that perhaps even if he never found the unicorn, he might simply settle down here. As Edge-case Pliny walked further into the city, he met a penniless mad promoter named Professor Izzi who was looking for a key so she could unlock the Princess's heart. Edge-case Pliny offered to help. "I myself am a theoretical mechanic," said Edge-case Pliny. "I think I can find you a key." Edge-case Pliny explored the city and found it fascinating. At times he thought that perhaps even if he never found the key, he might simply settle down here. Finally, Edge-case Pliny tracked down the key and returned it to Professor Izzi. Professor Izzi the mad promoter was astonished to see Edge-case Pliny return with the key. "I've heard your looking for this." Professor Izzi showed Edge-case Pliny the key he had been searching for.

 In due course of time, Edge-case Pliny tracked down the superastronaut. His name was Bright-Eyed Thomas H. Stanislov. "I can get you the new friends you seek," said Bright-Eyed Thomas H. Stanislov, "but only if you can find me a key so I can unlock the Princess's heart." As Edge-case Pliny walked further into the city, he met a penniless world-kitten named Alyssa B. Sword who was looking for a key so she could unlock the Princess's heart. Edge-case Pliny offered to help. "I myself am a theoretical mechanic," said Edge-case Pliny. "I think I can find you a key." Edge-case Pliny explored the city and found it pleasant. At times he thought that perhaps even if he never found the key, he might simply settle down here. In the end, Edge-case Pliny tracked down the key and returned it to Alyssa B. Sword. Edge-case Pliny returned the key to the poor world-kitten. "Thanks a million!" she said, and rushed off to unlock the Princess's heart. As Edge-case Pliny walked further into the city, he met a penniless world-piratephilosopher named Lady Iew the Mad who was looking for a dolphin so she could make a stew. Edge-case Pliny offered to help. "I myself am a theoretical mechanic," said Edge-case Pliny. "I think I can find you a dolphin." As Edge-case Pliny walked further into the city, he met a penniless theater witch named Madamoiselle ((femalename)) who was looking for a sparrow so she could make a stew. Edge-case Pliny offered to help. "I myself am a theoretical mechanic," said Edge-case Pliny. "I think I can find you a sparrow." Edge-case Pliny explored the city and found it fascinating. At times he thought that perhaps even if he never found the sparrow, he might simply settle down here. Edge-case Pliny explored the city and found it fascinating. At times he thought that perhaps even if he never found the sparrow, he might simply settle down here. Finally, Edge-case Pliny tracked down the sparrow and returned it to Madamoiselle ((femalename)). Madamoiselle ((femalename)) the theater witch was astonished to see Edge-case Pliny return with the sparrow. "I've heard your looking for this." Madamoiselle ((femalename)) showed Edge-case Pliny the sparrow he had been searching for.

 Edge-case Pliny returned the sparrow to the poor theater witch. "Thanks a million!" she said, and rushed off to make a stew. As Edge-case Pliny walked further into the city, he met a penniless mad author named Dr. Sarah F. Inokin who was looking for a dog so she could make a stew. Edge-case Pliny offered to help. "I myself am a theoretical mechanic," said Edge-case Pliny. "I think I can find you a dog." Edge-case Pliny explored the city and found it pleasant. At times he thought that perhaps even if he never found the dog, he might simply settle down here. After all this had happened, Edge-case Pliny tracked down the dog and returned it to Dr. Sarah F. Inokin. Dr. Sarah F. Inokin the mad author was astonished to see Edge-case Pliny return with the dog. "I've heard your looking for this." Dr. Sarah F. Inokin showed Edge-case Pliny the dog he had been searching for.

 Edge-case Pliny returned to Bright-Eyed Thomas H. Stanislov triumphant, and received his hoped-for interesting sights. And so, Edge-case Pliny the theoretical mechanic lived happily ever after.
