\par \par When the world was still young, Dr. Debora Shark the zooworld-hero lived in a grave courtyard. Dr. Debora Shark loved the courtyard but living there made her ill. So she had no choice but to leave her home. Dr. Debora Shark found herself within a cavern. Dr. Debora Shark found nothing of interest in the evil cavern. Soon Dr. Debora Shark passed by an enchanting sunrise. Dr. Debora Shark encountered a demon along the way. The demon demanded that Dr. Debora Shark tell a story. "Hey! You'd better listen," replied the patient zooworld-hero, and began. \par \par A long, long time ago, Queen Professor Ashley Denovich the street witch went to seek her fortune. An old double herooperator told Queen Professor Ashley Denovich a story. "Hey! You'd better listen," he said to Queen Professor Ashley Denovich, "to this eerie story."\par \par When the world was still young, Professor Rebecca Denovich the street wright set out for adventure. Professor Rebecca Denovich encountered a waterfall. An old erotic marine told Professor Rebecca Denovich a story. "Rest a while, and you can listen," he said to Professor Rebecca Denovich, "to this eerie tale."\par \par Once upon a time, Crazy Jeremy I. Sword the aspiring philosopherhero set sail for adventure. Crazy Jeremy I. Sword thought he might find grand adventure at a tiny apartment. Crazy Jeremy I. Sword found nothing of interest in the blasphemous tiny apartment. Crazy Jeremy I. Sword thought constantly about the excitement he sought. After this, Crazy Jeremy I. Sword found an ancient book and opened it.  As Crazy Jeremy I. Sword read, the book told a portentous story: \par \par \par A few years ago, Lord James Stanislov the cybercartoperator resumed his habitual travels. Lord James Stanislov passed by a vast army. Lord James Stanislov was determined to find to travel. Lord James Stanislov encountered a lumber herooperator along the way. The lumber herooperator gave Lord James Stanislov an expensive gift. Eventually, a second lumber herooperator demanded that Lord James Stanislov tell a story. "Listen well," replied the thoughtful cybercartoperator, and began. \par \par A long, long time ago, Timothy Stanislov the cyberpriest set out for adventure. An old double vampire told Timothy Stanislov a story. "Hey! You'd better listen," she said to Timothy Stanislov, "to this portentous legend."\par \par A few years ago, Alyssa Johnston the gentleman eagle left her home. Alyssa Johnston encountered a demon along the way. The demon stood in Alyssa Johnston's way, but Alyssa Johnston found another path, through a memorable mansion. Alyssa Johnston found nothing of interest in the boring memorable mansion.. Eventually, a second demon ignored Alyssa Johnston. Eventually, a third demon ignored Alyssa Johnston. Alyssa Johnston was determined to find to see the world. Alyssa Johnston encountered a coyote. Alyssa Johnston passed by a courteous space detective living in the wilderness. Alyssa Johnston encountered a warrior along the way. The warrior demanded that Alyssa Johnston tell a story. "Listen well," replied the tricky gentleman eagle, and began. \par \par A few years ago, Sara G. Casing the occult hero went to seek her fortune. Sara G. Casing thought she might find wealth at a castle. Within the castle, Sara G. Casing accidentally went into a mansion. Sara G. Casing found nothing of interest in the tedious mansion. Sara G. Casing found nothing of interest in the boring castle. Sara G. Casing was determined to find wealth. An old duckmechanic told Sara G. Casing a story. "Hey! You'd better listen," ve said to Sara G. Casing, "to this memorable tale."\par \par When the world was still young, Eddy IV the theoretical detective was convinced by a lumber detective to travel the world. Eddy IV passed by a vast army. Eddy IV encountered a baffling sunrise. Eddy IV passed by a waterfall. Then Eddy IV found an ancient book and opened it.  As Eddy IV read, the book told a memorable yarn: \par \par \par Once upon a time, Debora P. H. Inokin the theoretical promoter set out for adventure. Debora P. H. Inokin encountered a dark cave. Debora P. H. Inokin thought constantly about the excitement she sought. Debora P. H. Inokin encountered a jackalope fighting a raven. An old metaspy told Debora P. H. Inokin a story. "Rest a while, and you can listen," he said to Debora P. H. Inokin, "to this relevant legend."\par \par A few years ago, Timotheus Engstrud the zooeaglepromoter left his home. Eventually, Timotheus Engstrud found an ancient book and opened it.  As Timotheus Engstrud read, the book told a portentous rumor: \par \par \par When the world was still young, Sir Ibiox IV the gentleman cyberspy left his home. Sir Ibiox IV passed by a worm. Sir Ibiox IV was determined to find good times. Sir Ibiox IV thought he might find business contacts at a bad state of mind. Within the bad state of mind, Sir Ibiox IV found himself within a party. Within the party, Sir Ibiox IV found himself within a portentous dream. Within the portentous dream, Sir Ibiox IV found himself within a bad state of mind. After this, Sir Ibiox IV passed through the bad state of mind and moved on. Sir Ibiox IV found nothing of interest in the tedious portentous dream. Sir Ibiox IV found nothing of interest in the boring party. Within the bad state of mind, Sir Ibiox IV found himself within a series of twisting passageways. Within the series of twisting passageways, Sir Ibiox IV found himself within a hut. Sir Ibiox IV found nothing of interest in the boring hut. Soon Sir Ibiox IV passed through the series of twisting passageways and moved on. Within the bad state of mind, Sir Ibiox IV happened upon a mansion. Sir Ibiox IV found nothing of interest in the evil mansion. Within the bad state of mind, Sir Ibiox IV accidentally went into a marketplace. After this, Sir Ibiox IV passed through the marketplace and moved on. Sir Ibiox IV found nothing of interest in the blasphemous bad state of mind. Later, Sir Ibiox IV encountered a cat. Sir Ibiox IV found himself within a village. In due course of time, Sir Ibiox IV passed through the village and moved on. Sir Ibiox IV still wanted new friends. Sir Ibiox IV encountered a tedious town. Sir Ibiox IV thought constantly about the to travel he sought. An old paleoballerina told Sir Ibiox IV a story. "Listen well," she said to Sir Ibiox IV, "to this baffling legend."\par \par When the world was still young, Chris the Conquerer the space duckauthor set sail for adventure. An old professional firefighter told Chris the Conquerer a story. "Listen well," she said to Chris the Conquerer, "to this relevant yarn."\par \par A long, long time ago, King Jonny Shark the theater seller set out for adventure. King Jonny Shark encountered a waterfall. King Jonny Shark thought he might find grand adventure at a canyon. Eventually, King Jonny Shark passed through the canyon and moved on. The next thing anyone knows is that King Jonny Shark encountered a cybereagle fighting a salmon. King Jonny Shark encountered a waterfall. King Jonny Shark thought he might find grand adventure at a castle. Within the castle, King Jonny Shark found himself within a palace. Within the palace, King Jonny Shark found himself within a cavern. Later, King Jonny Shark passed through the cavern and moved on. Within the palace, King Jonny Shark found himself within an island. Within the island, King Jonny Shark accidentally went into a tiny apartment. King Jonny Shark found nothing of interest in the ponderous tiny apartment. King Jonny Shark found nothing of interest in the boring island. Then King Jonny Shark passed through the palace and moved on. King Jonny Shark found nothing of interest in the ponderous castle. King Jonny Shark still wanted grand adventure. King Jonny Shark encountered a sparrow fighting a raven. King Jonny Shark passed by a vast army. An old supersoldier told King Jonny Shark a story. "Hey! You'd better listen," he said to King Jonny Shark, "to this eerie account."\par \par A long, long time ago, Mad Chris the world-author set out for adventure. Mad Chris encountered a traveler along the way. The traveler gave Mad Chris an expensive gift. The next thing anyone knows is that a second traveler ignored Mad Chris. Because of this, a third traveler demanded that Mad Chris tell a story. "Hey! You'd better listen," replied the sly world-author, and began. \par \par A long, long time ago, Princess Edge-case Sara N. R. Inokin the street operatorphilosopher set sail for adventure. Princess Edge-case Sara N. R. Inokin encountered a traveler along the way. The traveler demanded that Princess Edge-case Sara N. R. Inokin tell a story. "Hey! You'd better listen," replied the talkative street operatorphilosopher, and began. \par \par When the world was still young, Klairber the Conquerer the street herowright set sail for adventure. Klairber the Conquerer encountered a dark cave. Klairber the Conquerer encountered a cartjackvampire along the way. The cartjackvampire stood in Klairber the Conquerer's way, but Klairber the Conquerer found another path, through a palace. Klairber the Conquerer found nothing of interest in the grave palace.. Immediately, a second cartjackvampire demanded that Klairber the Conquerer tell a story. "Listen well," replied the patient street herowright, and began. \par \par When the world was still young, Pliny the blood owl went to seek their fortune. Pliny encountered a gentleman criminalkeeper along the way. The gentleman criminalkeeper gave Pliny an extravagent gift. In due course of time, a second gentleman criminalkeeper ignored Pliny. Then a third gentleman criminalkeeper stood in Pliny's way, but Pliny found another path, through a bad state of mind. Pliny found nothing of interest in the ponderous bad state of mind.. Pliny happened upon a canyon. Within the canyon, Pliny accidentally went into a forest. That day, Pliny passed through the forest and moved on. Within the canyon, Pliny found themself within a tower. Pliny found nothing of interest in the offensive tower. Pliny found nothing of interest in the offensive canyon. Then Pliny passed by a vast army. Pliny encountered a waterfall. Pliny encountered an owl. Then Pliny found an ancient book and opened it.  As Pliny read, the book told a relevant yarn: \par \par \par Once upon a time, Duchess Eddy the Mad the brain soldierauthor left her home. Duchess Eddy the Mad encountered a prophet along the way. The prophet stood in Duchess Eddy the Mad's way, but Duchess Eddy the Mad found another path, through a mansion. Duchess Eddy the Mad found nothing of interest in the evil mansion.. The next thing anyone knows is that a second prophet stood in Duchess Eddy the Mad's way, but Duchess Eddy the Mad found another path, through an enchanting dome. Within the enchanting dome, Duchess Eddy the Mad found herself within a thunderstorm. Duchess Eddy the Mad found nothing of interest in the boring thunderstorm. Duchess Eddy the Mad found nothing of interest in the tedious enchanting dome.. Then, a third prophet demanded that Duchess Eddy the Mad tell a story. "Rest a while, and you can listen," replied the sly brain soldierauthor, and began. \par \par A few years ago, Edge-case Sarah Johnson the first seller left ver home. Edge-case Sarah Johnson encountered a waterfall. Edge-case Sarah Johnson encountered a traveler along the way. The traveler gave Edge-case Sarah Johnson an expensive gift. Because of this, a second traveler gave Edge-case Sarah Johnson an expensive gift. Then a third traveler gave Edge-case Sarah Johnson an extravagent gift. Then Edge-case Sarah Johnson encountered a dark cave. Edge-case Sarah Johnson thought ve might find novelty at a cavern. Edge-case Sarah Johnson found nothing of interest in the ponderous cavern. Edge-case Sarah Johnson still wanted novelty. An old erotic adventurer told Edge-case Sarah Johnson a story. "Rest a while, and you can listen," he said to Edge-case Sarah Johnson, "to this unique saga."\par \par A few years ago, Apbriegio III the theater eagle was convinced by a time robin to travel the world. Apbriegio III happened upon a series of twisting passageways. Apbriegio III found nothing of interest in the offensive series of twisting passageways. Apbriegio III still wanted to see the world. Apbriegio III encountered a wistful blood keeperadventurer living in the wilderness. Apbriegio III was determined to find novelty. Apbriegio III encountered a boring town. Apbriegio III thought she might find new friends at a thunderstorm. Apbriegio III found nothing of interest in the ancient thunderstorm. In due course of time, Apbriegio III passed by a blasphemous town. Apbriegio III encountered a dark cave. Later, Apbriegio III found an ancient book and opened it.  As Apbriegio III read, the book told a baffling rumor: \par \par \par A few years ago, Professor Aingier the paleooperatordetective was convinced by a zooadventurer to travel the world. Professor Aingier encountered a prophet along the way. The prophet demanded that Professor Aingier tell a story. "Hey! You'd better listen," replied the talkative paleooperatordetective, and began. \par \par A few years ago, Professor Loki F. Giwdleang the secret brain detective set sail for adventure. Professor Loki F. Giwdleang encountered an aspiring doctor along the way. The aspiring doctor stood in Professor Loki F. Giwdleang's way, but Professor Loki F. Giwdleang found another path, through a bad neighborhood. Professor Loki F. Giwdleang found nothing of interest in the blasphemous bad neighborhood.. Next, a second aspiring doctor gave Professor Loki F. Giwdleang an extravagent gift. Soon a third aspiring doctor demanded that Professor Loki F. Giwdleang tell a story. "Turn your ear," replied the tricky secret brain detective, and began. \par \par A few years ago, Lady Dr. Alyssa Stanislov the double zebra was convinced by a blood cybermarine to travel the world. Lady Dr. Alyssa Stanislov thought she might find business contacts at a hut. Lady Dr. Alyssa Stanislov found nothing of interest in the ancient hut. An old double communist told Lady Dr. Alyssa Stanislov a story. "Hey! You'd better listen," ve said to Lady Dr. Alyssa Stanislov, "to this enchanting tale."\par \par A long, long time ago, Lina Esquire the mad erotic criminal went to seek her fortune. Lina Esquire encountered a traveler along the way. The traveler demanded that Lina Esquire tell a story. "Hey! You'd better listen," replied the talkative mad erotic criminal, and began. \par \par When the world was still young, Utah the lumber dragon resumed her habitual travels. The next thing anyone knows is that Utah found an ancient book and opened it.  As Utah read, the book told a strange account: \par \par \par A few years ago, Lord Brick the Conquerer the aspiring hero went to seek his fortune. Lord Brick the Conquerer passed by a wistful first wrightauthor living in the wilderness. An old cyberhero told Lord Brick the Conquerer a story. "Listen well," she said to Lord Brick the Conquerer, "to this portentous account."\par \par A few years ago, Oaboodong the metacowboy left her home. Oaboodong passed by a vexed mad priest living in the wilderness. That day, Oaboodong found an ancient book and opened it.  As Oaboodong read, the book told an enchanting rumor: \par \par \par When the world was still young, Professor Deb Stanislov the gentleman wright had found refuge in a unique island. Professor Deb Stanislov felt safe at the island but life there was boring. So she arranged a trip abroad. Professor Deb Stanislov encountered a waterfall. The next thing anyone knows is that Professor Deb Stanislov found an ancient book and opened it.  As Professor Deb Stanislov read, the book told a relevant legend: \par \par \par A few years ago, Lorie Stanislov the metaastronaut resumed her habitual travels. An old carttime ninja told Lorie Stanislov a story. "Turn your ear," he said to Lorie Stanislov, "to this baffling legend."\par \par Once upon a time, Bright-Eyed Debra Denovich the applied keeper had found refuge in a strange lizard's belly. Bright-Eyed Debra Denovich felt safe at the lizard's belly but living there made her ill. So she had no choice but to leave her home. Then Bright-Eyed Debra Denovich found an ancient book and opened it.  As Bright-Eyed Debra Denovich read, the book told a relevant tale: \par \par \par A few years ago, Princess Ow the Conquerer the gentleman mathematician had found refuge in an enchanting party. Princess Ow the Conquerer felt safe at the party but living there made her ill. So she had no choice but to leave her home. Immediately, Princess Ow the Conquerer found an ancient book and opened it.  As Princess Ow the Conquerer read, the book told a portentous account: \par \par \par When the world was still young, Madamoiselle Deborah Casing the street scientist resumed her habitual travels. Madamoiselle Deborah Casing passed by an astute theater gentleman gryphon living in the wilderness. Then, Madamoiselle Deborah Casing found an ancient book and opened it.  As Madamoiselle Deborah Casing read, the book told a relevant rumor: \par \par \par Once upon a time, Captain Alison Donovitch the applied lizard set sail for adventure. Captain Alison Donovitch happened upon a canyon. Captain Alison Donovitch found nothing of interest in the blasphemous canyon. An old first jack told Captain Alison Donovitch a story. "Listen well," he said to Captain Alison Donovitch, "to this frame rumor."\par \par Once upon a time, Sir Edge-case Jake I. Riownap the gentleman robin set out for adventure. Sir Edge-case Jake I. Riownap passed by a waterfall. In due course of time, Sir Edge-case Jake I. Riownap found an ancient book and opened it.  As Sir Edge-case Jake I. Riownap read, the book told a mysterious legend: \par \par \par A long, long time ago, Kikktkk the technorabbit left his home. Kikktkk happened upon a bad state of mind. Kikktkk found nothing of interest in the boring bad state of mind. In due course of time, Kikktkk passed by a dark cave. Soon Kikktkk found an ancient book and opened it.  As Kikktkk read, the book told a relevant story: \par \par \par A few years ago, Queen Dr. Even Steven the applied kittenmechanic was convinced by a brain cyberastronaut to travel the world. An old paleospyoperator told Queen Dr. Even Steven a story. "Turn your ear," she said to Queen Dr. Even Steven, "to this strange tale."\par \par When the world was still young, Professor Todd Denovich the aspiring smuggler set sail for adventure. An old theater ninja told Professor Todd Denovich a story. "Rest a while, and you can listen," ve said to Professor Todd Denovich, "to this baffling account."\par \par When the world was still young, Professor Ap Smith the cyberoccult operator was convinced by a theoretical mechanic to travel the world. Soon Professor Ap Smith found an ancient book and opened it.  As Professor Ap Smith read, the book told a unique legend: \par \par \par Once upon a time, Huscleab G. Shark the secret operator set sail for adventure. An old erotic adventurer told Huscleab G. Shark a story. "Rest a while, and you can listen," she said to Huscleab G. Shark, "to this portentous rumor."\par \par A long, long time ago, Captain Jonny Iow the brain wright was convinced by a secret lizard to travel the world. Next, Captain Jonny Iow found an ancient book and opened it.  As Captain Jonny Iow read, the book told a frame rumor: \par \par \par A long, long time ago, Bra the Elder the gentleman theater hero set out for adventure. In due course of time, Bra the Elder found an ancient book and opened it.  As Bra the Elder read, the book told a relevant account: \par \par \par A few years ago, Iedwhiew the Mad the blood cowboycriminal set sail for adventure. That day, Iedwhiew the Mad found an ancient book and opened it.  As Iedwhiew the Mad read, the book told a strange tale: \par \par \par A few years ago, Crazy Fox the metatheoretical smuggler went to seek his fortune. In due course of time, Crazy Fox found an ancient book and opened it.  As Crazy Fox read, the book told a baffling account: \par \par \par A few years ago, Mad Whiaud the blood marine resumed their habitual travels. Then Mad Whiaud found an ancient book and opened it.  As Mad Whiaud read, the book told a relevant legend: \par \par \par When the world was still young, Greel the metaowl set out for adventure. Later that day, Greel found an ancient book and opened it.  As Greel read, the book told a relevant tale: \par \par \par Once upon a time, Crer the aspiring keeper resumed her habitual travels. That day, Crer found an ancient book and opened it.  As Crer read, the book told a strange legend: \par \par \par A long, long time ago, Professor Jonny Shark the blood captain resumed his habitual travels. Professor Jonny Shark happened upon a library. Then Professor Jonny Shark passed through the library and moved on. Then, Professor Jonny Shark passed by a coyote fighting a dog. Professor Jonny Shark encountered a street dog along the way. The street dog gave Professor Jonny Shark an extravagent gift. The next thing anyone knows is that a second street dog ignored Professor Jonny Shark. Then a third street dog ignored Professor Jonny Shark. Next, Professor Jonny Shark passed by a vexed aspiring communist living in the wilderness. Professor Jonny Shark encountered an occult entrepreneur along the way. The occult entrepreneur stood in Professor Jonny Shark's way, but Professor Jonny Shark found another path, through an arcology. Within the arcology, Professor Jonny Shark happened upon a shipyard. Within the shipyard, Professor Jonny Shark found himself within a courtyard. Within the courtyard, Professor Jonny Shark accidentally went into an arcology. Within the arcology, Professor Jonny Shark accidentally went into an eerie dome. Within the eerie dome, Professor Jonny Shark found himself within a castle. Within the castle, Professor Jonny Shark found himself within a cavern. Because of this, Professor Jonny Shark passed through the cavern and moved on. Immediately, Professor Jonny Shark passed through the castle and moved on. Within the eerie dome, Professor Jonny Shark happened upon a peaceful protest. Within the peaceful protest, Professor Jonny Shark accidentally went into a unique mansion. Within the unique mansion, Professor Jonny Shark happened upon a thunderstorm. Within the thunderstorm, Professor Jonny Shark found himself within a frame mansion. Next, Professor Jonny Shark passed through the frame mansion and moved on. Professor Jonny Shark found nothing of interest in the ancient thunderstorm. Within the unique mansion, Professor Jonny Shark found himself within a marketplace. Professor Jonny Shark found nothing of interest in the ancient marketplace. The next thing anyone knows is that Professor Jonny Shark passed through the unique mansion and moved on. Within the peaceful protest, Professor Jonny Shark found himself within a cavern. The next thing anyone knows is that Professor Jonny Shark passed through the cavern and moved on. Eventually, Professor Jonny Shark passed through the peaceful protest and moved on. Professor Jonny Shark found nothing of interest in the grave eerie dome. Next, Professor Jonny Shark passed through the arcology and moved on. After this, Professor Jonny Shark passed through the courtyard and moved on. The next thing anyone knows is that Professor Jonny Shark passed through the shipyard and moved on. Professor Jonny Shark found nothing of interest in the ancient arcology.. Because of this, a second occult entrepreneur gave Professor Jonny Shark a grave gift. Later, a third occult entrepreneur gave Professor Jonny Shark a tasteful gift. At long last, Professor Jonny Shark happened upon a likely source of the to see the world he so desired. The tricky blood captain had heard a rumor that an occult hero at a nearby mansion could help him find new friends. So Professor Jonny Shark went. Because of this, Professor Jonny Shark fell deeply in love with a clever professional spy named Jerry Shark who wanted a key. At least marketplace was a nothing but inviting place to look for key. As Professor Jonny Shark walked further into the mansion, he met a penniless space captain named Professor Jonny Sword who was looking for a key so he could unlock the Princess's heart. Professor Jonny Shark offered to help. "I myself am a blood captain," said Professor Jonny Shark. "I think I can find you a key." As Professor Jonny Shark walked further into the mansion, he met a penniless metaphilosopher named Professor Quax who was looking for a key so he could get to the next level. Professor Jonny Shark offered to help. "I myself am a blood captain," said Professor Jonny Shark. "I think I can find you a key." At least marketplace was a nothing but inviting place to look for key. In the end, Professor Jonny Shark tracked down the key for Professor Quax. Professor Quax the metaphilosopher was astonished to see Professor Jonny Shark return with the key. "I've heard your looking for this." Professor Quax showed Professor Jonny Shark the key he had been searching for.\par  Professor Jonny Shark returned the key to the poor metaphilosopher. "Thanks a million!" he said, and rushed off to get to the next level. At least marketplace was a nothing but inviting place to look for key. Soon Professor Jonny Shark tracked down the key for Jerry Shark. Later that day, Professor Jonny Shark tracked down the occult hero. Her name was Thiejeb III. "I can get you the interesting sights you seek," said Thiejeb III, "but only if you can find me a key so I can get to the next level." As Professor Jonny Shark walked further into the mansion, he met a penniless blood wizard named Bro Cietibwhix who was looking for a key so he could get to the next level. Professor Jonny Shark offered to help. "I myself am a blood captain," said Professor Jonny Shark. "I think I can find you a key." As Professor Jonny Shark walked further into the mansion, he met a penniless erotic keepervampire named Regret who was looking for a key so they could get to the next level. Professor Jonny Shark offered to help. "I myself am a blood captain," said Professor Jonny Shark. "I think I can find you a key." At least mansion was a warm and pleasant place to look for key. As Professor Jonny Shark walked further into the mansion, he met a penniless erotic time firefighter named Slio who was looking for a dog so he could make a stew. Professor Jonny Shark offered to help. "I myself am a blood captain," said Professor Jonny Shark. "I think I can find you a dog." As Professor Jonny Shark walked further into the mansion, he met a penniless theoretical author named Lady Sarah F. Sword who was looking for a jackalope so she could make a stew. Professor Jonny Shark offered to help. "I myself am a blood captain," said Professor Jonny Shark. "I think I can find you a jackalope." At least marketplace was a nothing but inviting place to look for key. As Professor Jonny Shark walked further into the mansion, he met a penniless time wizardmarine named Regret III who was looking for a dolphin so she could make a stew. Professor Jonny Shark offered to help. "I myself am a blood captain," said Professor Jonny Shark. "I think I can find you a dolphin." As Professor Jonny Shark walked further into the mansion, he met a penniless cartkeeper named Bright-Eyed Pliny who was looking for a coyote so she could make a stew. Professor Jonny Shark offered to help. "I myself am a blood captain," said Professor Jonny Shark. "I think I can find you a coyote." Mercifully, mansion was an interesting place to look for coyote. As Professor Jonny Shark walked further into the mansion, he met a penniless paleowright named Allison Shark who was looking for a key so she could get to the next level. Professor Jonny Shark offered to help. "I myself am a blood captain," said Professor Jonny Shark. "I think I can find you a key." As Professor Jonny Shark walked further into the mansion, he met a penniless street captain named King Timothy Johnson who was looking for a key so he could get to the next level. Professor Jonny Shark offered to help. "I myself am a blood captain," said Professor Jonny Shark. "I think I can find you a key." As Professor Jonny Shark walked further into the mansion, he met a penniless theoretical operator named Queen Thatcher the Mad who was looking for a scorpion so she could make a stew. Professor Jonny Shark offered to help. "I myself am a blood captain," said Professor Jonny Shark. "I think I can find you a scorpion." As Professor Jonny Shark walked further into the mansion, he met a penniless lumber soldierninja named Blux the Elder who was looking for a key so she could get to the next level. Professor Jonny Shark offered to help. "I myself am a blood captain," said Professor Jonny Shark. "I think I can find you a key." Thankfully mansion was a pleasant place to look for key. At least marketplace was a nothing but inviting place to look for key. As Professor Jonny Shark walked further into the mansion, he met a penniless blood sparrow named Edge-case Rebecca Casing who was looking for a key so she could unlock the Princess's heart. Professor Jonny Shark offered to help. "I myself am a blood captain," said Professor Jonny Shark. "I think I can find you a key." At least mansion was a warm and pleasant place to look for jackalope. Mercifully, mansion was a warm and pleasant place to look for key. Despite many setbacks, Professor Jonny Shark tracked down the key for Edge-case Rebecca Casing. Professor Jonny Shark returned the key to the poor blood sparrow. "Thanks a million!" she said, and rushed off to unlock the Princess's heart. Thankfully mansion was a pleasant place to look for key. After all this had happened, Professor Jonny Shark tracked down the key for Blux the Elder. Professor Jonny Shark returned the key to the poor blood sparrow. "Thanks a million!" she said, and rushed off to unlock the Princess's heart. As Professor Jonny Shark walked further into the mansion, he met a penniless blood marine named Professor Ood who was looking for a robin so he could make a stew. Professor Jonny Shark offered to help. "I myself am a blood captain," said Professor Jonny Shark. "I think I can find you a robin." As Professor Jonny Shark walked further into the mansion, he met a penniless secret keeper named Thatcher the Elder who was looking for a jackalope so she could make a stew. Professor Jonny Shark offered to help. "I myself am a blood captain," said Professor Jonny Shark. "I think I can find you a jackalope." At least mansion was a warm and pleasant place to look for jackalope. After all this had happened, Professor Jonny Shark tracked down the jackalope for Thatcher the Elder. Professor Jonny Shark returned the jackalope to the poor secret keeper. "Thanks a million!" she said, and rushed off to make a stew. At least marketplace was a nothing but inviting place to look for key. After all this had happened, Professor Jonny Shark tracked down the robin for Professor Ood. Thatcher the Elder the secret keeper was astonished to see Professor Jonny Shark return with the jackalope. "I've heard your looking for this." Thatcher the Elder showed Professor Jonny Shark the jackalope he had been searching for.\par  Thatcher the Elder the secret keeper was astonished to see Professor Jonny Shark return with the jackalope. "I've heard your looking for this." Thatcher the Elder showed Professor Jonny Shark the jackalope he had been searching for.\par  Professor Jonny Shark returned the jackalope to the poor secret keeper. "Thanks a million!" she said, and rushed off to make a stew. At least, mansion was a very interesting place to look for key. As Professor Jonny Shark walked further into the mansion, he met a penniless lumber promoter named Edge-case Thomas C. Ria who was looking for a key so ve could unlock the Princess's heart. Professor Jonny Shark offered to help. "I myself am a blood captain," said Professor Jonny Shark. "I think I can find you a key." At least marketplace was a nothing but inviting place to look for key. Eventually, Professor Jonny Shark tracked down the key for Edge-case Thomas C. Ria. Edge-case Thomas C. Ria the lumber promoter was astonished to see Professor Jonny Shark return with the key. "I've heard your looking for this." Edge-case Thomas C. Ria showed Professor Jonny Shark the key he had been searching for.\par  Edge-case Thomas C. Ria the lumber promoter was astonished to see Professor Jonny Shark return with the key. "I've heard your looking for this." Edge-case Thomas C. Ria showed Professor Jonny Shark the key he had been searching for.\par  Edge-case Thomas C. Ria the lumber promoter was astonished to see Professor Jonny Shark return with the key. "I've heard your looking for this." Edge-case Thomas C. Ria showed Professor Jonny Shark the key he had been searching for.\par  Edge-case Thomas C. Ria the lumber promoter was astonished to see Professor Jonny Shark return with the key. "I've heard your looking for this." Edge-case Thomas C. Ria showed Professor Jonny Shark the key he had been searching for.\par  Edge-case Thomas C. Ria the lumber promoter was astonished to see Professor Jonny Shark return with the key. "I've heard your looking for this." Edge-case Thomas C. Ria showed Professor Jonny Shark the key he had been searching for.\par  Edge-case Thomas C. Ria the lumber promoter was astonished to see Professor Jonny Shark return with the key. "I've heard your looking for this." Edge-case Thomas C. Ria showed Professor Jonny Shark the key he had been searching for.\par  Professor Jonny Shark returned the key to the poor lumber promoter. "Thanks a million!" ve said, and rushed off to unlock the Princess's heart. As Professor Jonny Shark walked further into the mansion, he met a penniless double scientist named Dr. Lorie Casing who was looking for a rabbit so she could make a stew. Professor Jonny Shark offered to help. "I myself am a blood captain," said Professor Jonny Shark. "I think I can find you a rabbit." As Professor Jonny Shark walked further into the mansion, he met a penniless superwright named Nathan L. Od who was looking for a key so they could unlock the Princess's heart. Professor Jonny Shark offered to help. "I myself am a blood captain," said Professor Jonny Shark. "I think I can find you a key." As Professor Jonny Shark walked further into the mansion, he met a penniless secret axlotlmathematician named Screa Z. Inokin who was looking for a key so he could unlock the Princess's heart. Professor Jonny Shark offered to help. "I myself am a blood captain," said Professor Jonny Shark. "I think I can find you a key." Thankfully mansion was a pleasant place to look for key. As Professor Jonny Shark walked further into the mansion, he met a penniless lumber dog named Captain Urga who was looking for a key so he could get to the next level. Professor Jonny Shark offered to help. "I myself am a blood captain," said Professor Jonny Shark. "I think I can find you a key." As Professor Jonny Shark walked further into the mansion, he met a penniless street pirate named Professor Jeremy Ungkia who was looking for a zebra so he could make a stew. Professor Jonny Shark offered to help. "I myself am a blood captain," said Professor Jonny Shark. "I think I can find you a zebra." At least marketplace was a nothing but inviting place to look for key. In the end, Professor Jonny Shark tracked down the zebra for Professor Jeremy Ungkia. Professor Jeremy Ungkia the street pirate was astonished to see Professor Jonny Shark return with the zebra. "I've heard your looking for this." Professor Jeremy Ungkia showed Professor Jonny Shark the zebra he had been searching for.\par  Professor Jonny Shark returned the zebra to the poor street pirate. "Thanks a million!" he said, and rushed off to make a stew. As Professor Jonny Shark walked further into the mansion, he met a penniless professional vampire named Lady Strooeetkre IV who was looking for a key so she could unlock the Princess's heart. Professor Jonny Shark offered to help. "I myself am a blood captain," said Professor Jonny Shark. "I think I can find you a key." Thankfully mansion was a nothing but inviting place to look for key. At least marketplace was a nothing but inviting place to look for key. As Professor Jonny Shark walked further into the mansion, he met a penniless professional jack named Jim F. Stanislov who was looking for a parrot so he could make a stew. Professor Jonny Shark offered to help. "I myself am a blood captain," said Professor Jonny Shark. "I think I can find you a parrot." As Professor Jonny Shark walked further into the mansion, he met a penniless carttime author named Debora Q. Donov who was looking for a key so she could unlock the Princess's heart. Professor Jonny Shark offered to help. "I myself am a blood captain," said Professor Jonny Shark. "I think I can find you a key." At least marketplace was a nothing but inviting place to look for key. The next thing anyone knows is that Professor Jonny Shark tracked down the key for Debora Q. Donov. Debora Q. Donov the carttime author was astonished to see Professor Jonny Shark return with the key. "I've heard your looking for this." Debora Q. Donov showed Professor Jonny Shark the key he had been searching for.\par  Debora Q. Donov the carttime author was astonished to see Professor Jonny Shark return with the key. "I've heard your looking for this." Debora Q. Donov showed Professor Jonny Shark the key he had been searching for.\par  Debora Q. Donov the carttime author was astonished to see Professor Jonny Shark return with the key. "I've heard your looking for this." Debora Q. Donov showed Professor Jonny Shark the key he had been searching for.\par  Professor Jonny Shark returned the key to the poor carttime author. "Thanks a million!" she said, and rushed off to unlock the Princess's heart. As Professor Jonny Shark walked further into the mansion, he met a penniless erotic scorpion named Thomas B. R. Shark who was looking for a key so he could unlock the Princess's heart. Professor Jonny Shark offered to help. "I myself am a blood captain," said Professor Jonny Shark. "I think I can find you a key." At least marketplace was a nothing but inviting place to look for key. In the end, Professor Jonny Shark tracked down the key for Thomas B. R. Shark. Thomas B. R. Shark the erotic scorpion was astonished to see Professor Jonny Shark return with the key. "I've heard your looking for this." Thomas B. R. Shark showed Professor Jonny Shark the key he had been searching for.\par  Thomas B. R. Shark the erotic scorpion was astonished to see Professor Jonny Shark return with the key. "I've heard your looking for this." Thomas B. R. Shark showed Professor Jonny Shark the key he had been searching for.\par  Thomas B. R. Shark the erotic scorpion was astonished to see Professor Jonny Shark return with the key. "I've heard your looking for this." Thomas B. R. Shark showed Professor Jonny Shark the key he had been searching for.\par  Thomas B. R. Shark the erotic scorpion was astonished to see Professor Jonny Shark return with the key. "I've heard your looking for this." Thomas B. R. Shark showed Professor Jonny Shark the key he had been searching for.\par  Professor Jonny Shark returned to Thiejeb III triumphant, and received his hoped-for to see the world. And so, Professor Jonny Shark the blood captain lived happily ever after. Crer searched the pages for more, but that was all. Greel slammed the evil book closed and returned home. Mad Whiaud searched the pages for more, but that was all. Crazy Fox slammed the ancient book closed and returned home. Iedwhiew the Mad slammed the ponderous book closed and returned home. Bra the Elder searched the pages for more, but that was all. Captain Jonny Iow slammed the evil book closed and returned home.\par  Huscleab G. Shark thanked the erotic adventurer for the warning and returned home. Professor Ap Smith slammed the blasphemous book closed and returned home.\par  Professor Todd Denovich thanked the theater ninja for the warning and returned home.\par  Queen Dr. Even Steven thanked the paleospyoperator for the warning and returned home. Kikktkk searched the pages for more, but that was all. Sir Edge-case Jake I. Riownap slammed the huge book closed and returned home.\par  Captain Alison Donovitch thanked the first jack for the warning and returned home. Madamoiselle Deborah Casing slammed the tedious book closed and returned home. Princess Ow the Conquerer searched the pages for more, but that was all. Bright-Eyed Debra Denovich slammed the eldritch book closed and returned home.\par  "I am just a metaastronaut', said Lorie Stanislov, "and you are a very old carttime ninja. I will remember your story". In the end, Lorie Stanislov happened upon the to see the world she were after. her heart at rest, Lorie Stanislov's journey came to an end. Professor Deb Stanislov searched the pages for more, but that was all. "What a tricky book," Oaboodong thought, and took it for her own. Oaboodong thought she might find good times at an arcology. Then Oaboodong passed through the arcology and moved on. Later, Oaboodong happened upon the to see the world she were after. her heart at rest, Oaboodong's journey came to an end.\par  But Lord Brick the Conquerer did not listen, and continued on. Lord Brick the Conquerer thought he might find treasure at an arcology. Lord Brick the Conquerer found nothing of interest in the tedious arcology. Finally, Lord Brick the Conquerer happened upon the treasure he were after. his heart at rest, Lord Brick the Conquerer's journey came to an end.  \par The tale inspired Utah to go on. Utah thought she might find good times at a palace. Later that day, Utah passed through the palace and moved on. Utah was determined to find to see the world. Utah passed by an axlotl living in an eerie house. Utah thought she might find good times at a baffling dome. Utah found nothing of interest in the offensive baffling dome. Finally, Utah happened upon the interesting sights she were after. her heart at rest, Utah's journey came to an end.\par The deeply affected traveler thanked Lina Esquire and left. Because of this, a second traveler stood in Lina Esquire's way, but Lina Esquire found another path, through a village. Next, Lina Esquire passed through the village and moved on.. Because of this, a third traveler gave Lina Esquire a rare gift. Then Lina Esquire happened upon the fortune she were after. her heart at rest, Lina Esquire's journey came to an end.\par  But Lady Dr. Alyssa Stanislov did not listen, and continued on. Lady Dr. Alyssa Stanislov thought she might find to travel at a series of twisting passageways. Lady Dr. Alyssa Stanislov found nothing of interest in the blasphemous series of twisting passageways. Lady Dr. Alyssa Stanislov eventually went home. \par The chastened aspiring doctor thanked Professor Loki F. Giwdleang and left. Professor Loki F. Giwdleang arrived home later that day.\par The satisfied prophet thanked Professor Aingier and left. The next thing anyone knows is that a second prophet stood in Professor Aingier's way, but Professor Aingier found another path, through a cavern. Professor Aingier found nothing of interest in the ancient cavern.. After this, a third prophet ignored Professor Aingier. In the end, Professor Aingier happened upon the business contacts ve were after. ver heart at rest, Professor Aingier's journey came to an end. Apbriegio III searched the pages for more, but that was all.\par  Edge-case Sarah Johnson thanked the erotic adventurer for the warning and returned home.\par The satisfied prophet thanked Duchess Eddy the Mad and left. Duchess Eddy the Mad arrived home later that day. Pliny slammed the eldritch book closed and returned home.\par The vexed cartjackvampire thanked Klairber the Conquerer and left. Soon a third cartjackvampire gave Klairber the Conquerer an expensive gift. Klairber the Conquerer still wanted excitement. Klairber the Conquerer encountered a demon along the way. The demon gave Klairber the Conquerer an expensive gift. Then, a second demon ignored Klairber the Conquerer. Next, a third demon ignored Klairber the Conquerer. To this day, nobody knows what happened to Klairber the Conquerer.\par The happy traveler thanked Princess Edge-case Sara N. R. Inokin and left. In due course of time, a second traveler stood in Princess Edge-case Sara N. R. Inokin's way, but Princess Edge-case Sara N. R. Inokin found another path, through a specific location. Within the specific location, Princess Edge-case Sara N. R. Inokin found herself within a mansion. Eventually, Princess Edge-case Sara N. R. Inokin passed through the mansion and moved on. The next thing anyone knows is that Princess Edge-case Sara N. R. Inokin passed through the specific location and moved on.. Eventually, a third traveler gave Princess Edge-case Sara N. R. Inokin a magnificent gift. In the end, Princess Edge-case Sara N. R. Inokin happened upon the adventure she were after. her heart at rest, Princess Edge-case Sara N. R. Inokin's journey came to an end.\par The satisfied traveler thanked Mad Chris and left. At long last, Mad Chris happened upon a likely source of the excitement they so desired. The patient world-author had heard a rumor that a professional ninja at a nearby party could help them find adventure. So Mad Chris went. The party was very lonely. After this, Mad Chris tracked down the professional ninja. Her name was Deb C. Q. Denovich. "I can get you the grand adventure you seek," said Deb C. Q. Denovich, "but only if you can find me a key so I can unlock the Princess's heart." At least, army camp was a fascinating place to look for key. Soon Mad Chris tracked down the key for Deb C. Q. Denovich. Mad Chris returned to Deb C. Q. Denovich triumphant, and received their hoped-for adventure. And so, Mad Chris the world-author lived happily ever after.\par  "I am just a theater seller', said King Jonny Shark, "and you are a wise supersoldier. I will remember your story". King Jonny Shark thought constantly about the adventure he sought. King Jonny Shark passed by a vast army. King Jonny Shark eventually went home.\par  But Chris the Conquerer did not listen, and continued on. Chris the Conquerer happened upon a forest. Within the forest, Chris the Conquerer accidentally went into a peaceful protest. Within the peaceful protest, Chris the Conquerer accidentally went into an army camp. Then Chris the Conquerer passed through the army camp and moved on. Then, Chris the Conquerer passed through the peaceful protest and moved on. Within the forest, Chris the Conquerer accidentally went into a specific location. Within the specific location, Chris the Conquerer happened upon a frame dream. Within the frame dream, Chris the Conquerer found himself within an arcology. Within the arcology, Chris the Conquerer happened upon a room. Then, Chris the Conquerer passed through the room and moved on. Chris the Conquerer found nothing of interest in the tedious arcology. Within the frame dream, Chris the Conquerer found himself within a bad state of mind. Chris the Conquerer found nothing of interest in the ponderous bad state of mind. Next, Chris the Conquerer passed through the frame dream and moved on. Within the specific location, Chris the Conquerer accidentally went into a portentous dream. Chris the Conquerer found nothing of interest in the ponderous portentous dream. Chris the Conquerer found nothing of interest in the offensive specific location. Later that day, Chris the Conquerer passed through the forest and moved on. At long last, Chris the Conquerer happened upon the excitement he were after. his heart at rest, Chris the Conquerer's journey came to an end. \par  "I am just a gentleman cyberspy', said Sir Ibiox IV, "and you are a learnéd paleoballerina. I will think about what you have said". Finally, Sir Ibiox IV happened upon the novelty he were after. his heart at rest, Sir Ibiox IV's journey came to an end. "What a patient book," Timotheus Engstrud thought, and took it for his own. Next, Timotheus Engstrud found an ancient book and opened it.  As Timotheus Engstrud read, the book told a strange yarn: \par \par \par Once upon a time, Crazy Oowooxdriang the first ninja set sail for adventure. Crazy Oowooxdriang encountered a ponderous town. At long last, Crazy Oowooxdriang happened upon a likely source of the grand adventure ve so desired. The sly first ninja had heard a rumor that a brain jack at a nearby bad neighborhood could help ver find excitement. So Crazy Oowooxdriang went. Immediately, Crazy Oowooxdriang fell deeply in love with a tricky secret duck named Captain Alison Steelcaster who wanted a key. At least marketplace was a nothing but inviting place to look for key. At least marketplace was a nothing but inviting place to look for key. Finally, Crazy Oowooxdriang tracked down the key for Captain Alison Steelcaster. Then Crazy Oowooxdriang tracked down the brain jack. Her name was Edge-case Carrie Stanislov. "I can get you the excitement you seek," said Edge-case Carrie Stanislov, "but only if you can find me a key so I can unlock the Princess's heart." At least, bad neighborhood was a very interesting place to look for key. As Crazy Oowooxdriang walked further into the bad neighborhood, ve met a penniless double paleopriest named Crazy Azra who was looking for a key so they could unlock the Princess's heart. Crazy Oowooxdriang offered to help. "I myself am a first ninja," said Crazy Oowooxdriang. "I think I can find you a key." At least marketplace was a nothing but inviting place to look for key. As Crazy Oowooxdriang walked further into the bad neighborhood, ve met a penniless professional ninja named Prince Timotheus Donov who was looking for a crab so he could make a stew. Crazy Oowooxdriang offered to help. "I myself am a first ninja," said Crazy Oowooxdriang. "I think I can find you a crab." Mercifully, bad neighborhood was a pleasant place to look for key. In the end, Crazy Oowooxdriang tracked down the crab for Prince Timotheus Donov. Prince Timotheus Donov the professional ninja was astonished to see Crazy Oowooxdriang return with the crab. "I've heard your looking for this." Prince Timotheus Donov showed Crazy Oowooxdriang the crab ve had been searching for.\par  Crazy Oowooxdriang returned the crab to the poor professional ninja. "Thanks a million!" he said, and rushed off to make a stew. As Crazy Oowooxdriang walked further into the bad neighborhood, ve met a penniless occult witch named Stoscroo O. Donov who was looking for a crab so he could make a stew. Crazy Oowooxdriang offered to help. "I myself am a first ninja," said Crazy Oowooxdriang. "I think I can find you a crab." As Crazy Oowooxdriang walked further into the bad neighborhood, ve met a penniless applied coyote named Edge-case Pluwgotviex who was looking for a dog so she could make a stew. Crazy Oowooxdriang offered to help. "I myself am a first ninja," said Crazy Oowooxdriang. "I think I can find you a dog." At least marketplace was a nothing but inviting place to look for key. At least marketplace was a nothing but inviting place to look for key. As Crazy Oowooxdriang walked further into the bad neighborhood, ve met a penniless first vampire named Jerry S. Johnson who was looking for a key so he could unlock the Princess's heart. Crazy Oowooxdriang offered to help. "I myself am a first ninja," said Crazy Oowooxdriang. "I think I can find you a key." At least marketplace was a nothing but inviting place to look for key. As Crazy Oowooxdriang walked further into the bad neighborhood, ve met a penniless technopromoter named Bright-Eyed Tertia U. Johnson who was looking for a zebra so she could make a stew. Crazy Oowooxdriang offered to help. "I myself am a first ninja," said Crazy Oowooxdriang. "I think I can find you a zebra." Thankfully bad neighborhood was a very interesting place to look for key. As Crazy Oowooxdriang walked further into the bad neighborhood, ve met a penniless technocaptain named The Wreather who was looking for a scorpion so she could make a stew. Crazy Oowooxdriang offered to help. "I myself am a first ninja," said Crazy Oowooxdriang. "I think I can find you a scorpion." As Crazy Oowooxdriang walked further into the bad neighborhood, ve met a penniless double hero named Carrie Sword who was looking for a dust mite so she could make a stew. Crazy Oowooxdriang offered to help. "I myself am a first ninja," said Crazy Oowooxdriang. "I think I can find you a dust mite." As Crazy Oowooxdriang walked further into the bad neighborhood, ve met a penniless space pirate named Kliecrungcrix the Elder who was looking for a key so he could unlock the Princess's heart. Crazy Oowooxdriang offered to help. "I myself am a first ninja," said Crazy Oowooxdriang. "I think I can find you a key." As Crazy Oowooxdriang walked further into the bad neighborhood, ve met a penniless sparrowdetectivefirefighter named Chris who was looking for a dog so they could make a stew. Crazy Oowooxdriang offered to help. "I myself am a first ninja," said Crazy Oowooxdriang. "I think I can find you a dog." At least, bad neighborhood was a nothing but inviting place to look for zebra. In the end, Crazy Oowooxdriang tracked down the dog for Chris. Chris the sparrowdetectivefirefighter was astonished to see Crazy Oowooxdriang return with the dog. "I've heard your looking for this." Chris showed Crazy Oowooxdriang the dog ve had been searching for.\par  Chris the sparrowdetectivefirefighter was astonished to see Crazy Oowooxdriang return with the dog. "I've heard your looking for this." Chris showed Crazy Oowooxdriang the dog ve had been searching for.\par  Crazy Oowooxdriang returned the dog to the poor sparrowdetectivefirefighter. "Thanks a million!" they said, and rushed off to make a stew. At least marketplace was a nothing but inviting place to look for key. Finally, Crazy Oowooxdriang tracked down the scorpion for The Wreather. Chris the sparrowdetectivefirefighter was astonished to see Crazy Oowooxdriang return with the dog. "I've heard your looking for this." Chris showed Crazy Oowooxdriang the dog ve had been searching for.\par  Chris the sparrowdetectivefirefighter was astonished to see Crazy Oowooxdriang return with the dog. "I've heard your looking for this." Chris showed Crazy Oowooxdriang the dog ve had been searching for.\par  Crazy Oowooxdriang returned the dog to the poor sparrowdetectivefirefighter. "Thanks a million!" they said, and rushed off to make a stew. As Crazy Oowooxdriang walked further into the bad neighborhood, ve met a penniless world-communist named Klaix who was looking for a key so she could get to the next level. Crazy Oowooxdriang offered to help. "I myself am a first ninja," said Crazy Oowooxdriang. "I think I can find you a key." As Crazy Oowooxdriang walked further into the bad neighborhood, ve met a penniless time marine named Bright-Eyed Loangiot who was looking for a dolphin so they could make a stew. Crazy Oowooxdriang offered to help. "I myself am a first ninja," said Crazy Oowooxdriang. "I think I can find you a dolphin." At least marketplace was a nothing but inviting place to look for key. At least marketplace was a nothing but inviting place to look for key. Later that day, Crazy Oowooxdriang tracked down the dolphin for Bright-Eyed Loangiot. Crazy Oowooxdriang returned the dolphin to the poor time marine. "Thanks a million!" they said, and rushed off to make a stew. As Crazy Oowooxdriang walked further into the bad neighborhood, ve met a penniless paleokeeper named Klotearpre who was looking for a key so ve could unlock the Princess's heart. Crazy Oowooxdriang offered to help. "I myself am a first ninja," said Crazy Oowooxdriang. "I think I can find you a key." At least marketplace was a nothing but inviting place to look for key. After all this had happened, Crazy Oowooxdriang tracked down the key for Klotearpre. Crazy Oowooxdriang returned the key to the poor paleokeeper. "Thanks a million!" ve said, and rushed off to unlock the Princess's heart. As Crazy Oowooxdriang walked further into the bad neighborhood, ve met a penniless cartastronaut named Bright-Eyed Brick who was looking for a salmon so they could make a stew. Crazy Oowooxdriang offered to help. "I myself am a first ninja," said Crazy Oowooxdriang. "I think I can find you a salmon." At least marketplace was a nothing but inviting place to look for key. Because of this, Crazy Oowooxdriang tracked down the salmon for Bright-Eyed Brick. Crazy Oowooxdriang returned the salmon to the poor cartastronaut. "Thanks a million!" they said, and rushed off to make a stew. Thankfully bad neighborhood was a pleasant place to look for key. Finally, Crazy Oowooxdriang tracked down the key for Klaix. Bright-Eyed Brick the cartastronaut was astonished to see Crazy Oowooxdriang return with the salmon. "I've heard your looking for this." Bright-Eyed Brick showed Crazy Oowooxdriang the salmon ve had been searching for.\par  Bright-Eyed Brick the cartastronaut was astonished to see Crazy Oowooxdriang return with the salmon. "I've heard your looking for this." Bright-Eyed Brick showed Crazy Oowooxdriang the salmon ve had been searching for.\par  Crazy Oowooxdriang returned the salmon to the poor cartastronaut. "Thanks a million!" they said, and rushed off to make a stew. As Crazy Oowooxdriang walked further into the bad neighborhood, ve met a penniless double eagle named Edge-case Eedblung who was looking for a key so he could get to the next level. Crazy Oowooxdriang offered to help. "I myself am a first ninja," said Crazy Oowooxdriang. "I think I can find you a key." At least marketplace was a nothing but inviting place to look for key. Finally, Crazy Oowooxdriang tracked down the key for Edge-case Eedblung. Edge-case Eedblung the double eagle was astonished to see Crazy Oowooxdriang return with the key. "I've heard your looking for this." Edge-case Eedblung showed Crazy Oowooxdriang the key ve had been searching for.\par  Crazy Oowooxdriang returned to Edge-case Carrie Stanislov triumphant, and received ver hoped-for excitement. And so, Crazy Oowooxdriang the first ninja lived happily ever after. \par The tale inspired Timotheus Engstrud to go on. Timotheus Engstrud accidentally went into a cavern. Timotheus Engstrud found nothing of interest in the ponderous cavern. Timotheus Engstrud passed by a tedious town. That day, Timotheus Engstrud found an ancient book and opened it.  As Timotheus Engstrud read, the book told a strange account: \par \par \par When the world was still young, Teresa Q. Denovich the blood mathematician left her home. Teresa Q. Denovich encountered a tedious town. Teresa Q. Denovich thought she might find to see the world at a castle. Within the castle, Teresa Q. Denovich found herself within an island. Immediately, Teresa Q. Denovich passed through the island and moved on. Within the castle, Teresa Q. Denovich happened upon a mansion. Within the mansion, Teresa Q. Denovich accidentally went into a canyon. Within the canyon, Teresa Q. Denovich happened upon a village. The next thing anyone knows is that Teresa Q. Denovich passed through the village and moved on. In due course of time, Teresa Q. Denovich passed through the canyon and moved on. Within the mansion, Teresa Q. Denovich found herself within a village. Within the village, Teresa Q. Denovich happened upon a library. Because of this, Teresa Q. Denovich passed through the library and moved on. Then, Teresa Q. Denovich passed through the village and moved on. Teresa Q. Denovich found nothing of interest in the offensive mansion. Within the castle, Teresa Q. Denovich accidentally went into a series of twisting passageways. Teresa Q. Denovich found nothing of interest in the huge series of twisting passageways. Teresa Q. Denovich found nothing of interest in the evil castle. Teresa Q. Denovich was determined to find to see the world. Teresa Q. Denovich passed by a waterfall. In due course of time, Teresa Q. Denovich passed by a vast army. Teresa Q. Denovich found herself within a palace. Soon Teresa Q. Denovich passed through the palace and moved on. Teresa Q. Denovich arrived home later that day. "What a patient book," Timotheus Engstrud thought, and took it for his own. Timotheus Engstrud passed by a dark cave. Timotheus Engstrud passed by a vast army. Timotheus Engstrud eventually went home.\par  But Debora P. H. Inokin did not listen, and continued on. Debora P. H. Inokin encountered a brain entrepreneur along the way. The brain entrepreneur demanded that Debora P. H. Inokin tell a story. "Hey! You'd better listen," replied the patient theoretical promoter, and began. \par \par A long, long time ago, Crazy Quiobsiew the blood dolphin had found refuge in a frame army camp. Crazy Quiobsiew felt safe at the army camp but life there was boring. So ve arranged a trip abroad. Crazy Quiobsiew encountered an eagle living in a baffling house. Crazy Quiobsiew passed by a vast army. Crazy Quiobsiew accidentally went into a series of twisting passageways. Within the series of twisting passageways, Crazy Quiobsiew accidentally went into a hut. Within the hut, Crazy Quiobsiew happened upon a village. Within the village, Crazy Quiobsiew found verself within a marketplace. Within the marketplace, Crazy Quiobsiew accidentally went into a mansion. Crazy Quiobsiew found nothing of interest in the huge mansion. That day, Crazy Quiobsiew passed through the marketplace and moved on. Crazy Quiobsiew found nothing of interest in the boring village. Crazy Quiobsiew found nothing of interest in the eldritch hut. Within the series of twisting passageways, Crazy Quiobsiew happened upon a library. After this, Crazy Quiobsiew passed through the library and moved on. Crazy Quiobsiew found nothing of interest in the tedious series of twisting passageways. Crazy Quiobsiew thought constantly about the  excitement ve sought. Crazy Quiobsiew passed by a dust mite living in a unique house. Crazy Quiobsiew still wanted  adventure. Crazy Quiobsiew passed by a dark cave. Crazy Quiobsiew passed by a vast army. Finally, Crazy Quiobsiew happened upon the  excitement ve were after. ver heart at rest, Crazy Quiobsiew's journey came to an end.\par The happy brain entrepreneur thanked Debora P. H. Inokin and left. That day, a second brain entrepreneur ignored Debora P. H. Inokin. After this, a third brain entrepreneur demanded that Debora P. H. Inokin tell a story. "Listen well," replied the talkative theoretical promoter, and began. \par \par A long, long time ago, Madamoiselle Sarah Inokin the erotic wizard resumed her habitual travels. Madamoiselle Sarah Inokin happened upon a village. Within the village, Madamoiselle Sarah Inokin found herself within a canyon. Within the canyon, Madamoiselle Sarah Inokin accidentally went into a bad state of mind. Madamoiselle Sarah Inokin found nothing of interest in the grave bad state of mind. Madamoiselle Sarah Inokin found nothing of interest in the offensive canyon. Then Madamoiselle Sarah Inokin passed through the village and moved on. Madamoiselle Sarah Inokin encountered a demon along the way. The demon ignored Madamoiselle Sarah Inokin. In due course of time, a second demon ignored Madamoiselle Sarah Inokin. Later that day, a third demon stood in Madamoiselle Sarah Inokin's way, but Madamoiselle Sarah Inokin found another path, through a hut. Within the hut, Madamoiselle Sarah Inokin happened upon a library. Within the library, Madamoiselle Sarah Inokin accidentally went into an army camp. Within the army camp, Madamoiselle Sarah Inokin accidentally went into a specific location. Madamoiselle Sarah Inokin found nothing of interest in the tedious specific location. Next, Madamoiselle Sarah Inokin passed through the army camp and moved on. Within the library, Madamoiselle Sarah Inokin happened upon an island. Madamoiselle Sarah Inokin found nothing of interest in the eldritch island. Then Madamoiselle Sarah Inokin passed through the library and moved on. Madamoiselle Sarah Inokin found nothing of interest in the eldritch hut.. To this day, nobody knows what happened to Madamoiselle Sarah Inokin.\par The happy brain entrepreneur thanked Debora P. H. Inokin and left. The next thing anyone knows is that Debora P. H. Inokin happened upon the adventure she were after. her heart at rest, Debora P. H. Inokin's journey came to an end.  "What a talkative book," Eddy IV thought, and took it for their own. Eddy IV thought they might find novelty at a dolphin's belly. Later that day, Eddy IV passed through the dolphin's belly and moved on. Eddy IV thought they might find to see the world at a palace. Then, Eddy IV passed through the palace and moved on. Soon Eddy IV encountered a zebra living in a unique house. Eddy IV passed by a cat living in an eerie house. Eddy IV encountered a demon along the way. The demon demanded that Eddy IV tell a story. "Turn your ear," replied the thoughtful theoretical detective, and began. \par \par When the world was still young, Sara J. Johnson the space wrightwitch was convinced by a cyberduck to travel the world. Sara J. Johnson passed by a dark cave. Later that day, Sara J. Johnson passed by a waterfall. Sara J. Johnson thought she might find good times at a specific location. Within the specific location, Sara J. Johnson accidentally went into a bad neighborhood. Within the bad neighborhood, Sara J. Johnson found herself within a tiny apartment. Within the tiny apartment, Sara J. Johnson found herself within a strange dream. Within the strange dream, Sara J. Johnson happened upon a room. Sara J. Johnson found nothing of interest in the huge room. Eventually, Sara J. Johnson passed through the strange dream and moved on. Next, Sara J. Johnson passed through the tiny apartment and moved on. Sara J. Johnson found nothing of interest in the huge bad neighborhood. Next, Sara J. Johnson passed through the specific location and moved on. After this, Sara J. Johnson encountered a grave town. Sara J. Johnson found herself within a room. Sara J. Johnson found nothing of interest in the evil room. Tiring of travel, Sara J. Johnson settled down.\par The frightened demon thanked Eddy IV and left. Because of this, a second demon demanded that Eddy IV tell a story. "Listen well," replied the clever theoretical detective, and began. \par \par A few years ago, Stan Eawga the metaspy left his home. Stan Eawga thought he might find to travel at a peaceful protest. Within the peaceful protest, Stan Eawga accidentally went into a shipyard. Later that day, Stan Eawga passed through the shipyard and moved on. Eventually, Stan Eawga passed through the peaceful protest and moved on. Stan Eawga passed by a unique sunrise. Stan Eawga happened upon a specific location. Stan Eawga found nothing of interest in the eldritch specific location. Later, Stan Eawga encountered a vast army. Stan Eawga thought he might find to travel at a party. Stan Eawga found nothing of interest in the blasphemous party. In the end, Stan Eawga happened upon the to travel he were after. his heart at rest, Stan Eawga's journey came to an end.\par The excited demon thanked Eddy IV and left. In due course of time, a third demon stood in Eddy IV's way, but Eddy IV found another path, through a courtyard. Within the courtyard, Eddy IV found themself within a thunderstorm. Eddy IV found nothing of interest in the offensive thunderstorm. Eddy IV found nothing of interest in the blasphemous courtyard.. Eddy IV arrived home later that day.\par  But Sara G. Casing did not listen, and continued on. Sara G. Casing passed by a rabbit. Sara G. Casing thought she might find fortune at a thunderstorm. Because of this, Sara G. Casing passed through the thunderstorm and moved on. In due course of time, Sara G. Casing encountered a sparrow fighting a worm. Sara G. Casing encountered a dark cave. Sara G. Casing found herself within a courtyard. Sara G. Casing found nothing of interest in the ancient courtyard. Sara G. Casing thought constantly about the treasure she sought. Sara G. Casing passed by a scorpion. An old space cowboy told Sara G. Casing a story. "Listen well," ve said to Sara G. Casing, "to this frame tale."\par \par When the world was still young, Lady Crazy Slaicriaw the first street author was convinced by a theater communistmathematician to travel the world. Lady Crazy Slaicriaw passed by a waterfall. Lady Crazy Slaicriaw encountered an applied communist along the way. The applied communist ignored Lady Crazy Slaicriaw. Because of this, a second applied communist stood in Lady Crazy Slaicriaw's way, but Lady Crazy Slaicriaw found another path, through a cavern. Later, Lady Crazy Slaicriaw passed through the cavern and moved on.. Later, a third applied communist gave Lady Crazy Slaicriaw a rare gift. In due course of time, Lady Crazy Slaicriaw encountered a dark cave. Lady Crazy Slaicriaw found herself within an arcology. Later, Lady Crazy Slaicriaw passed through the arcology and moved on. Lady Crazy Slaicriaw eventually went home.\par  But Sara G. Casing did not listen, and continued on. Sara G. Casing encountered a traveler along the way. The traveler ignored Sara G. Casing. Later, a second traveler stood in Sara G. Casing's way, but Sara G. Casing found another path, through a thunderstorm. Sara G. Casing found nothing of interest in the blasphemous thunderstorm.. Immediately, a third traveler stood in Sara G. Casing's way, but Sara G. Casing found another path, through a series of twisting passageways. Within the series of twisting passageways, Sara G. Casing accidentally went into an enchanting dome. Sara G. Casing found nothing of interest in the ancient enchanting dome. Within the series of twisting passageways, Sara G. Casing found herself within a portentous mansion. Within the portentous mansion, Sara G. Casing happened upon an island. Sara G. Casing found nothing of interest in the evil island. Sara G. Casing found nothing of interest in the blasphemous portentous mansion. Later that day, Sara G. Casing passed through the series of twisting passageways and moved on.. In due course of time, Sara G. Casing passed by a mysterious sunrise. Sara G. Casing thought she might find fortune at a thunderstorm. In due course of time, Sara G. Casing passed through the thunderstorm and moved on. Sara G. Casing thought she might find wealth at a courtyard. Sara G. Casing found nothing of interest in the ancient courtyard. Sara G. Casing was determined to find fortune. Sara G. Casing encountered an erotic aspiring operator along the way. The erotic aspiring operator ignored Sara G. Casing. Then, a second erotic aspiring operator stood in Sara G. Casing's way, but Sara G. Casing found another path, through an army camp. After this, Sara G. Casing passed through the army camp and moved on.. Eventually, a third erotic aspiring operator demanded that Sara G. Casing tell a story. "Rest a while, and you can listen," replied the sly occult hero, and began. \par \par Once upon a time, Boris Smith the theater dog lived in an evil space worm's belly. Boris Smith loved the space worm's belly but living there made him ill. So he had no choice but to leave his home. Boris Smith happened upon a thunderstorm. Within the thunderstorm, Boris Smith happened upon a hut. Then, Boris Smith passed through the hut and moved on. Within the thunderstorm, Boris Smith happened upon an island. Boris Smith found nothing of interest in the boring island. Boris Smith found nothing of interest in the grave thunderstorm. At long last, Boris Smith happened upon the  to stay away from home he were after. his heart at rest, Boris Smith's journey came to an end.\par The wistful erotic aspiring operator thanked Sara G. Casing and left. Sara G. Casing eventually went home.  \par The happy warrior thanked Alyssa Johnston and left. The next thing anyone knows is that a second warrior stood in Alyssa Johnston's way, but Alyssa Johnston found another path, through a strange dome. Within the strange dome, Alyssa Johnston accidentally went into a raven's belly. Then, Alyssa Johnston passed through the raven's belly and moved on. Because of this, Alyssa Johnston passed through the strange dome and moved on.. After this, a third warrior ignored Alyssa Johnston. Alyssa Johnston thought constantly about the to see the world she sought. An old theoretical mechanic told Alyssa Johnston a story. "Turn your ear," she said to Alyssa Johnston, "to this relevant rumor."\par \par Once upon a time, Deborah Denovich the aspiring gentleman spy was convinced by a blood ninjaninja to travel the world. Deborah Denovich found herself within an island. Within the island, Deborah Denovich happened upon a memorable dream. Deborah Denovich found nothing of interest in the ancient memorable dream. Deborah Denovich found nothing of interest in the offensive island. Deborah Denovich thought constantly about the interesting sights she sought. Deborah Denovich thought she might find novelty at a tiny apartment. Deborah Denovich found nothing of interest in the evil tiny apartment. Deborah Denovich accidentally went into a canyon. In due course of time, Deborah Denovich passed through the canyon and moved on. Tiring of travel, Deborah Denovich settled down.\par  But Alyssa Johnston did not listen, and continued on. Alyssa Johnston accidentally went into a canyon. Within the canyon, Alyssa Johnston accidentally went into an arcology. Within the arcology, Alyssa Johnston found herself within a forest. Within the forest, Alyssa Johnston happened upon a thunderstorm. Within the thunderstorm, Alyssa Johnston found herself within a village. Within the village, Alyssa Johnston happened upon a marketplace. Alyssa Johnston found nothing of interest in the grave marketplace. Alyssa Johnston found nothing of interest in the evil village. Later, Alyssa Johnston passed through the thunderstorm and moved on. Within the forest, Alyssa Johnston accidentally went into an army camp. Within the army camp, Alyssa Johnston accidentally went into a room. Then Alyssa Johnston passed through the room and moved on. Within the army camp, Alyssa Johnston accidentally went into a marketplace. Within the marketplace, Alyssa Johnston happened upon a room. Soon Alyssa Johnston passed through the room and moved on. Within the marketplace, Alyssa Johnston found herself within a shipyard. Later that day, Alyssa Johnston passed through the shipyard and moved on. Within the marketplace, Alyssa Johnston found herself within a strange dome. Alyssa Johnston found nothing of interest in the eldritch strange dome. Alyssa Johnston found nothing of interest in the grave marketplace. Within the army camp, Alyssa Johnston happened upon a thunderstorm. Because of this, Alyssa Johnston passed through the thunderstorm and moved on. That day, Alyssa Johnston passed through the army camp and moved on. Within the forest, Alyssa Johnston happened upon a scorpion's belly. Immediately, Alyssa Johnston passed through the scorpion's belly and moved on. Alyssa Johnston found nothing of interest in the huge forest. Within the arcology, Alyssa Johnston happened upon a peaceful protest. Later, Alyssa Johnston passed through the peaceful protest and moved on. Alyssa Johnston found nothing of interest in the ancient arcology. Alyssa Johnston found nothing of interest in the huge canyon. Alyssa Johnston thought constantly about the new friends she sought. Alyssa Johnston encountered an applied secret witch along the way. The applied secret witch stood in Alyssa Johnston's way, but Alyssa Johnston found another path, through an arcology. Within the arcology, Alyssa Johnston happened upon a tower. Alyssa Johnston found nothing of interest in the huge tower. Alyssa Johnston found nothing of interest in the tedious arcology.. Because of this, a second applied secret witch ignored Alyssa Johnston. Later that day, a third applied secret witch demanded that Alyssa Johnston tell a story. "Listen well," replied the tricky gentleman eagle, and began. \par \par A few years ago, Captain Zelph the occult ballerina had found refuge in a strange party. Captain Zelph felt safe at the party but life there was boring. So he arranged a trip abroad. Captain Zelph thought he might find  grand adventure at an island. Within the island, Captain Zelph accidentally went into a tiny apartment. Within the tiny apartment, Captain Zelph accidentally went into a library. Captain Zelph found nothing of interest in the blasphemous library. Captain Zelph found nothing of interest in the ancient tiny apartment. Eventually, Captain Zelph passed through the island and moved on. Tiring of travel, Captain Zelph settled down.\par The deeply affected applied secret witch thanked Alyssa Johnston and left. Alyssa Johnston encountered a worm. Alyssa Johnston eventually went home. \par  "I am just a cyberpriest', said Timothy Stanislov, "and you are a skilled double vampire. I will remember your story". Then Timothy Stanislov passed by an impassioned zoocoyote living in the wilderness. Timothy Stanislov encountered a sparrow. Timothy Stanislov encountered a cartauthor along the way. The cartauthor ignored Timothy Stanislov. Then a second cartauthor ignored Timothy Stanislov. Soon a third cartauthor gave Timothy Stanislov an expensive gift. The next thing anyone knows is that Timothy Stanislov passed by a waterfall. Timothy Stanislov encountered a brain hero along the way. The brain hero gave Timothy Stanislov an evil gift. Because of this, a second brain hero demanded that Timothy Stanislov tell a story. "Hey! You'd better listen," replied the tricky cyberpriest, and began. \par \par Once upon a time, Mad Todd R. Denovich the cyberpromoter went to seek his fortune. Mad Todd R. Denovich thought he might find wealth at a tiny apartment. Within the tiny apartment, Mad Todd R. Denovich happened upon a cavern. Mad Todd R. Denovich found nothing of interest in the boring cavern. Mad Todd R. Denovich found nothing of interest in the offensive tiny apartment. Mad Todd R. Denovich still wanted treasure. Mad Todd R. Denovich encountered a dark cave. Mad Todd R. Denovich encountered a strange sunrise. Mad Todd R. Denovich passed by a boring town. Mad Todd R. Denovich eventually went home.\par The chastened brain hero thanked Timothy Stanislov and left. Soon a third brain hero demanded that Timothy Stanislov tell a story. "Turn your ear," replied the talkative cyberpriest, and began. \par \par Once upon a time, Inculcand IV the gentleman philosopher was convinced by a paleodragon to travel the world. Inculcand IV encountered an eagle. Inculcand IV encountered an enchanting sunrise. Inculcand IV encountered a unique sunrise. Inculcand IV encountered an occult world-hero along the way. The occult world-hero gave Inculcand IV an extravagent gift. Then a second occult world-hero gave Inculcand IV a ponderous gift. Later that day, a third occult world-hero ignored Inculcand IV. At long last, Inculcand IV happened upon the business contacts ve were after. ver heart at rest, Inculcand IV's journey came to an end.\par The deeply affected brain hero thanked Timothy Stanislov and left. That day, Timothy Stanislov encountered a strange sunrise. Timothy Stanislov passed by an astute professional author living in the wilderness. Then Timothy Stanislov found an ancient book and opened it.  As Timothy Stanislov read, the book told an eerie yarn: \par \par \par Once upon a time, Madame Dora Donovitch the world-firefighter was convinced by a professional duck to travel the world. Madame Dora Donovitch thought she might find new friends at a hut. Madame Dora Donovitch found nothing of interest in the huge hut. Madame Dora Donovitch thought she might find new friends at a palace. Later, Madame Dora Donovitch passed through the palace and moved on. Madame Dora Donovitch thought she might find business contacts at a canyon. That day, Madame Dora Donovitch passed through the canyon and moved on. Tiring of travel, Madame Dora Donovitch settled down. Timothy Stanislov searched the pages for more, but that was all.\par The chastened lumber herooperator thanked Lord James Stanislov and left. Then, a third lumber herooperator ignored Lord James Stanislov. Lord James Stanislov thought constantly about the business contacts he sought. Lord James Stanislov encountered a salesman along the way. The salesman stood in Lord James Stanislov's way, but Lord James Stanislov found another path, through a series of twisting passageways. Then, Lord James Stanislov passed through the series of twisting passageways and moved on.. Immediately, a second salesman ignored Lord James Stanislov. Later that day, a third salesman demanded that Lord James Stanislov tell a story. "Listen well," replied the patient cybercartoperator, and began. \par \par When the world was still young, Prince Mad Gadsood the cartphilosopher lived in a blasphemous hut. Prince Mad Gadsood loved the hut but living there made him ill. So he had no choice but to leave his home. Prince Mad Gadsood encountered a street theater keeper along the way. The street theater keeper gave Prince Mad Gadsood a rare gift. After this, a second street theater keeper ignored Prince Mad Gadsood. After this, a third street theater keeper gave Prince Mad Gadsood a magnificent gift. After this, Prince Mad Gadsood went home.\par The happy salesman thanked Lord James Stanislov and left. After this, Lord James Stanislov found an ancient book and opened it.  As Lord James Stanislov read, the book told a unique rumor: \par \par \par When the world was still young, King Timothy R. Sword the technoastronaut went to seek his fortune. King Timothy R. Sword encountered a grave town. The next thing anyone knows is that King Timothy R. Sword passed by a dog fighting a coyote. King Timothy R. Sword passed by a scorpion living in an enchanting house. Despite many setbacks, King Timothy R. Sword happened upon the wealth he were after. his heart at rest, King Timothy R. Sword's journey came to an end. \par The tale inspired Lord James Stanislov to go on. An old secret professional philosopher told Lord James Stanislov a story. "Rest a while, and you can listen," he said to Lord James Stanislov, "to this relevant legend."\par \par When the world was still young, Madame Regret III the mad doctorsmuggler resumed her habitual travels. Madame Regret III passed by a dragon living in a mysterious house. Madame Regret III encountered a waterfall. Madame Regret III encountered a prophet along the way. The prophet gave Madame Regret III a boring gift. Later that day, a second prophet ignored Madame Regret III. That day, a third prophet ignored Madame Regret III. Madame Regret III arrived home later that day.\par  Lord James Stanislov thanked the secret professional philosopher for the warning and returned home. \par As Crazy Jeremy I. Sword turned the page, another portentous yarn began: \par \par Once upon a time, Captain Ud the brain author left his home. Captain Ud thought he might find novelty at a palace. Within the palace, Captain Ud happened upon a room. Captain Ud found nothing of interest in the ponderous room. Immediately, Captain Ud passed through the palace and moved on. Captain Ud encountered a rabbit fighting a scorpion. Later, Captain Ud passed by a relevant sunrise. Captain Ud encountered a waterfall. Captain Ud arrived home later that day. \par As Crazy Jeremy I. Sword turned the page, another enchanting tale began: \par \par Once upon a time, Prince Crazy Oobciex the zoopirate lived in a grave cavern. Prince Crazy Oobciex loved the cavern but life there was boring. So he arranged a trip abroad. Prince Crazy Oobciex encountered a tedious town. Despite many setbacks, Prince Crazy Oobciex happened upon the  excitement he were after. his heart at rest, Prince Crazy Oobciex's journey came to an end. "What a sly book," Crazy Jeremy I. Sword thought, and took it for his own. Crazy Jeremy I. Sword found himself within a village. Within the village, Crazy Jeremy I. Sword happened upon a mansion. Within the mansion, Crazy Jeremy I. Sword happened upon an army camp. Crazy Jeremy I. Sword found nothing of interest in the grave army camp. That day, Crazy Jeremy I. Sword passed through the mansion and moved on. Within the village, Crazy Jeremy I. Sword accidentally went into a mysterious mansion. That day, Crazy Jeremy I. Sword passed through the mysterious mansion and moved on. Within the village, Crazy Jeremy I. Sword found himself within a specific location. Crazy Jeremy I. Sword found nothing of interest in the blasphemous specific location. Crazy Jeremy I. Sword found nothing of interest in the tedious village. Crazy Jeremy I. Sword encountered a worm. Crazy Jeremy I. Sword was determined to find excitement. An old street ballerina told Crazy Jeremy I. Sword a story. "Rest a while, and you can listen," she said to Crazy Jeremy I. Sword, "to this memorable account."\par \par A few years ago, Robert Donov the secret gryphon was convinced by a metasmuggler to travel the world. Robert Donov encountered a dragon. Robert Donov passed by a frame sunrise. Robert Donov encountered a vexed secret occult communist living in the wilderness. Finally, Robert Donov happened upon the novelty ve were after. ver heart at rest, Robert Donov's journey came to an end.\par  Crazy Jeremy I. Sword thanked the street ballerina for the warning and returned home.\par  But Professor Rebecca Denovich did not listen, and continued on. Because of this, Professor Rebecca Denovich found an ancient book and opened it.  As Professor Rebecca Denovich read, the book told a memorable story: \par \par \par When the world was still young, Siarox Esquire the brain street spy left her home. Siarox Esquire thought she might find new friends at a bad neighborhood. In due course of time, Siarox Esquire passed through the bad neighborhood and moved on. Tiring of travel, Siarox Esquire settled down. \par The tale inspired Professor Rebecca Denovich to go on. An old paleospyastronaut told Professor Rebecca Denovich a story. "Turn your ear," he said to Professor Rebecca Denovich, "to this enchanting saga."\par \par A few years ago, Theeeeb the space entrepreneurentrepreneur left her home. Theeeeb happened upon a courtyard. Theeeeb found nothing of interest in the ancient courtyard. After all this had happened, Theeeeb happened upon the to travel she were after. her heart at rest, Theeeeb's journey came to an end.\par  But Professor Rebecca Denovich did not listen, and continued on. Professor Rebecca Denovich thought she might find excitement at a canyon. Professor Rebecca Denovich found nothing of interest in the huge canyon. Professor Rebecca Denovich was determined to find grand adventure. Then Professor Rebecca Denovich found an ancient book and opened it.  As Professor Rebecca Denovich read, the book told a portentous saga: \par \par \par When the world was still young, Mad Hanna Y. Steelcaster the professional ballerina left her home. Mad Hanna Y. Steelcaster thought she might find novelty at a tower. Mad Hanna Y. Steelcaster found nothing of interest in the ancient tower. Mad Hanna Y. Steelcaster arrived home later that day. "What a talkative book," Professor Rebecca Denovich thought, and took it for her own. Professor Rebecca Denovich found herself within a party. Within the party, Professor Rebecca Denovich happened upon a series of twisting passageways. Within the series of twisting passageways, Professor Rebecca Denovich found herself within a room. Then, Professor Rebecca Denovich passed through the room and moved on. Immediately, Professor Rebecca Denovich passed through the series of twisting passageways and moved on. Within the party, Professor Rebecca Denovich accidentally went into a courtyard. Professor Rebecca Denovich found nothing of interest in the huge courtyard. Professor Rebecca Denovich found nothing of interest in the evil party. Professor Rebecca Denovich eventually went home.  \par  But Queen Professor Ashley Denovich did not listen, and continued on. Queen Professor Ashley Denovich encountered a salesman along the way. The salesman gave Queen Professor Ashley Denovich a tasteful gift. In due course of time, a second salesman stood in Queen Professor Ashley Denovich's way, but Queen Professor Ashley Denovich found another path, through a party. Immediately, Queen Professor Ashley Denovich passed through the party and moved on.. Immediately, a third salesman demanded that Queen Professor Ashley Denovich tell a story. "Listen well," replied the tricky street witch, and began. \par \par Once upon a time, Kluxguxscra Esquire the theoretical philosopher left ver home. Kluxguxscra Esquire thought ve might find to travel at a thunderstorm. Immediately, Kluxguxscra Esquire passed through the thunderstorm and moved on. The next thing anyone knows is that Kluxguxscra Esquire went home.\par The happy salesman thanked Queen Professor Ashley Denovich and left. Queen Professor Ashley Denovich still wanted loot. An old cartoperator told Queen Professor Ashley Denovich a story. "Turn your ear," she said to Queen Professor Ashley Denovich, "to this strange account."\par \par A long, long time ago, Circe IV the aspiring ballerina set out for adventure. Circe IV passed by a waterfall. In the end, Circe IV happened upon the adventure he were after. his heart at rest, Circe IV's journey came to an end.\par  "I am just a street witch', said Queen Professor Ashley Denovich, "and you are a skilled cartoperator. I will heed your advice". Later, Queen Professor Ashley Denovich encountered a dark cave. Queen Professor Ashley Denovich accidentally went into a party. Later, Queen Professor Ashley Denovich passed through the party and moved on. The next thing anyone knows is that Queen Professor Ashley Denovich passed by a unique sunrise. Then Queen Professor Ashley Denovich found an ancient book and opened it.  As Queen Professor Ashley Denovich read, the book told an eerie legend: \par \par \par When the world was still young, Keapeaclor Inokin the double adventurer set sail for adventure. Keapeaclor Inokin happened upon a palace. Keapeaclor Inokin found nothing of interest in the offensive palace. Keapeaclor Inokin arrived home later that day. "What a patient book," Queen Professor Ashley Denovich thought, and took it for her own. Queen Professor Ashley Denovich thought she might find loot at a memorable dome. Queen Professor Ashley Denovich found nothing of interest in the eldritch memorable dome. Queen Professor Ashley Denovich was determined to find wealth. Queen Professor Ashley Denovich encountered a wistful cartstreet philosopher living in the wilderness. Queen Professor Ashley Denovich passed by a courteous time philosopherninja living in the wilderness. Queen Professor Ashley Denovich encountered an applied doctor along the way. The applied doctor gave Queen Professor Ashley Denovich an extravagent gift. That day, a second applied doctor demanded that Queen Professor Ashley Denovich tell a story. "Turn your ear," replied the sly street witch, and began. \par \par A long, long time ago, Professor Boris M. Stanislov the theater wright set sail for adventure. Professor Boris M. Stanislov encountered a gryphon fighting a dolphin. In due course of time, Professor Boris M. Stanislov went home.\par The stranged applied doctor thanked Queen Professor Ashley Denovich and left. The next thing anyone knows is that a third applied doctor stood in Queen Professor Ashley Denovich's way, but Queen Professor Ashley Denovich found another path, through a series of twisting passageways. Queen Professor Ashley Denovich found nothing of interest in the eldritch series of twisting passageways.. To this day, nobody knows what happened to Queen Professor Ashley Denovich. \par The skilled demon thanked Dr. Debora Shark and left. The next thing anyone knows is that a second demon demanded that Dr. Debora Shark tell a story. "Listen well," replied the patient zooworld-hero, and began. \par \par A long, long time ago, Prixub the cybermarine was convinced by a professional hero to travel the world. Prixub encountered an astute zoowright living in the wilderness. Tiring of travel, Prixub settled down.\par The chastened demon thanked Dr. Debora Shark and left. Soon a third demon stood in Dr. Debora Shark's way, but Dr. Debora Shark found another path, through a castle. Within the castle, Dr. Debora Shark found herself within a frame mansion. Then Dr. Debora Shark passed through the frame mansion and moved on. Dr. Debora Shark found nothing of interest in the offensive castle.. Dr. Debora Shark thought constantly about the  to stay away from home she sought. Dr. Debora Shark found herself within a shipyard. Within the shipyard, Dr. Debora Shark found herself within a marketplace. Eventually, Dr. Debora Shark passed through the marketplace and moved on. Within the shipyard, Dr. Debora Shark happened upon a raven's belly. Dr. Debora Shark found nothing of interest in the offensive raven's belly. Eventually, Dr. Debora Shark passed through the shipyard and moved on. Soon Dr. Debora Shark passed by an axlotl. Dr. Debora Shark encountered an astute lumber occult wright living in the wilderness. Dr. Debora Shark happened upon a shipyard. Dr. Debora Shark found nothing of interest in the grave shipyard. Immediately, Dr. Debora Shark encountered a waterfall. An old aspiring witch told Dr. Debora Shark a story. "Turn your ear," she said to Dr. Debora Shark, "to this memorable saga."\par \par Once upon a time, Prince Edge-case Kikktkk the theoretical mathematiciancriminal left his home. Prince Edge-case Kikktkk encountered a portentous sunrise. Prince Edge-case Kikktkk arrived home later that day.\par  But Dr. Debora Shark did not listen, and continued on. Later that day, Dr. Debora Shark found an ancient book and opened it.  As Dr. Debora Shark read, the book told an enchanting saga: \par \par \par Once upon a time, Dr. Leekledur Inokin the time hero left his home. Dr. Leekledur Inokin passed by a grave town. Dr. Leekledur Inokin eventually went home. \par The tale inspired Dr. Debora Shark to go on. Next, Dr. Debora Shark found an ancient book and opened it.  As Dr. Debora Shark read, the book told a frame legend: \par \par \par A long, long time ago, Wo the technomathematician left her home. Wo encountered a robin fighting a duck. Wo arrived home later that day. \par The tale inspired Dr. Debora Shark to go on. Dr. Debora Shark encountered a demon along the way. The demon ignored Dr. Debora Shark. Then, a second demon ignored Dr. Debora Shark. Later, a third demon demanded that Dr. Debora Shark tell a story. "Hey! You'd better listen," replied the sly zooworld-hero, and began. \par \par A long, long time ago, Krox the zoospy resumed her habitual travels. Krox encountered a dark cave. Krox arrived home later that day.\par The thoroughly bored demon thanked Dr. Debora Shark and left. Dr. Debora Shark still wanted  somewhere livable. Dr. Debora Shark passed by a wistful paleoninja living in the wilderness. Dr. Debora Shark found herself within a marketplace. Within the marketplace, Dr. Debora Shark found herself within a tower. Within the tower, Dr. Debora Shark found herself within a tiny apartment. Within the tiny apartment, Dr. Debora Shark accidentally went into a village. Dr. Debora Shark found nothing of interest in the huge village. Dr. Debora Shark found nothing of interest in the eldritch tiny apartment. After this, Dr. Debora Shark passed through the tower and moved on. Soon Dr. Debora Shark passed through the marketplace and moved on. At long last, Dr. Debora Shark happened upon a likely source of the  somewhere livable she so desired. The talkative zooworld-hero had heard a rumor that a zoocowboy at a nearby strange dome could help her find  somewhere livable. So Dr. Debora Shark went. Later, Dr. Debora Shark fell deeply in love with a patient theater detectivecriminal named Edge-case Wapdo who wanted a worm. As Dr. Debora Shark walked further into the strange dome, she met a penniless metaerotic firefighter named Ixquoaw who was looking for a key so she could unlock the Princess's heart. Dr. Debora Shark offered to help. "I myself am a zooworld-hero," said Dr. Debora Shark. "I think I can find you a key." As Dr. Debora Shark walked further into the strange dome, she met a penniless first parrot named Crazy Jim I. Sword who was looking for a key so ve could unlock the Princess's heart. Dr. Debora Shark offered to help. "I myself am a zooworld-hero," said Dr. Debora Shark. "I think I can find you a key." At least, army camp was a fascinating place to look for key. At least, army camp was a fascinating place to look for key. At least, army camp was a fascinating place to look for key. Despite many setbacks, Dr. Debora Shark tracked down the key for Crazy Jim I. Sword. Dr. Debora Shark returned the key to the poor first parrot. "Thanks a million!" ve said, and rushed off to unlock the Princess's heart. As Dr. Debora Shark walked further into the strange dome, she met a penniless double communistpriest named Mad Je who was looking for a key so they could get to the next level. Dr. Debora Shark offered to help. "I myself am a zooworld-hero," said Dr. Debora Shark. "I think I can find you a key." As Dr. Debora Shark walked further into the strange dome, she met a penniless lumber mathematician named Professor Striteang Shark who was looking for a key so he could unlock the Princess's heart. Dr. Debora Shark offered to help. "I myself am a zooworld-hero," said Dr. Debora Shark. "I think I can find you a key." At least, army camp was a fascinating place to look for key. As Dr. Debora Shark walked further into the strange dome, she met a penniless erotic lumber ninja named Bright-Eyed Tom Sword who was looking for a metaaxlotl so he could make a stew. Dr. Debora Shark offered to help. "I myself am a zooworld-hero," said Dr. Debora Shark. "I think I can find you a metaaxlotl." Mercifully, strange dome was an interesting place to look for metaaxlotl. Then, Dr. Debora Shark tracked down the metaaxlotl for Bright-Eyed Tom Sword. Bright-Eyed Tom Sword the erotic lumber ninja was astonished to see Dr. Debora Shark return with the metaaxlotl. "I've heard your looking for this." Bright-Eyed Tom Sword showed Dr. Debora Shark the metaaxlotl she had been searching for.\par  Bright-Eyed Tom Sword the erotic lumber ninja was astonished to see Dr. Debora Shark return with the metaaxlotl. "I've heard your looking for this." Bright-Eyed Tom Sword showed Dr. Debora Shark the metaaxlotl she had been searching for.\par  Bright-Eyed Tom Sword the erotic lumber ninja was astonished to see Dr. Debora Shark return with the metaaxlotl. "I've heard your looking for this." Bright-Eyed Tom Sword showed Dr. Debora Shark the metaaxlotl she had been searching for.\par  Bright-Eyed Tom Sword the erotic lumber ninja was astonished to see Dr. Debora Shark return with the metaaxlotl. "I've heard your looking for this." Bright-Eyed Tom Sword showed Dr. Debora Shark the metaaxlotl she had been searching for.\par  Because of this, Dr. Debora Shark tracked down the zoocowboy. Her name was Madame The Wreather. "I can get you the  a new home you seek," said Madame The Wreather, "but only if you can find me a key so I can get to the next level." At least, army camp was a fascinating place to look for key. At long last, Dr. Debora Shark tracked down the key for Madame The Wreather. Dr. Debora Shark returned to Madame The Wreather triumphant, and received her hoped-for  to stay away from home. And so, Dr. Debora Shark the zooworld-hero lived happily ever after. 