\par \par A long, long time ago, Duchess Alice Inokin the salmonsoldier left her home. An old rabbitdoctor told Duchess Alice Inokin a story. "Listen well," he said to Duchess Alice Inokin, "to this mysterious saga."\par \par A few years ago, Crazy Krie H. Johnston the double astronaut had found refuge in an eerie army camp. Crazy Krie H. Johnston felt safe at the army camp but his true love was sick; so he had no choice but to leave his home. Crazy Krie H. Johnston passed by a vast army. Crazy Krie H. Johnston encountered a prophet along the way. The prophet demanded that Crazy Krie H. Johnston tell a story. "Rest a while, and you can listen," replied the sly double astronaut, and began. \par \par When the world was still young, Iebkaip the Conquerer the time communist set sail for adventure. Iebkaip the Conquerer encountered a zebra. Iebkaip the Conquerer thought she might find excitement at an enchanting dream. Iebkaip the Conquerer found nothing of interest in the huge enchanting dream. Iebkaip the Conquerer was determined to find adventure. Then Iebkaip the Conquerer found an ancient book and opened it.  As Iebkaip the Conquerer read, the book told a relevant rumor: \par \par \par Once upon a time, Lord James Johnson the lumber priest was convinced by a lumber ninja to travel the world. An old superapplied scientist told Lord James Johnson a story. "Turn your ear," he said to Lord James Johnson, "to this enchanting legend."\par \par Once upon a time, Crazy Hoa the zoocrab set sail for adventure. Crazy Hoa encountered an astute cartjack living in the wilderness. Crazy Hoa encountered a warrior along the way. The warrior stood in Crazy Hoa's way, but Crazy Hoa found another path, through a series of twisting passageways. Crazy Hoa found nothing of interest in the blasphemous series of twisting passageways.. Then, a second warrior demanded that Crazy Hoa tell a story. "Rest a while, and you can listen," replied the patient zoocrab, and began. \par \par A long, long time ago, Sam the cybercaptain resumed his habitual travels. Sam passed by an owl fighting a sphinx. Sam thought he might find business contacts at a library. Within the library, Sam found himself within a tower. Immediately, Sam passed through the tower and moved on. That day, Sam passed through the library and moved on. Sam encountered a waterfall. Sam passed by a wistful cyberapplied soldier living in the wilderness. Sam encountered a prophet along the way. The prophet gave Sam an expensive gift. Soon a second prophet demanded that Sam tell a story. "Listen well," replied the tricky cybercaptain, and began. \par \par Once upon a time, Drox Esquire the technofirefighter resumed her habitual travels. Drox Esquire passed by an impassioned eaglespy living in the wilderness. Drox Esquire encountered a salesman along the way. The salesman stood in Drox Esquire's way, but Drox Esquire found another path, through an army camp. Within the army camp, Drox Esquire accidentally went into a hut. Drox Esquire found nothing of interest in the huge hut. Within the army camp, Drox Esquire found herself within a series of twisting passageways. Within the series of twisting passageways, Drox Esquire accidentally went into an arcology. Within the arcology, Drox Esquire accidentally went into a peaceful protest. Drox Esquire found nothing of interest in the tedious peaceful protest. Within the arcology, Drox Esquire accidentally went into a series of twisting passageways. Drox Esquire found nothing of interest in the ponderous series of twisting passageways. Within the arcology, Drox Esquire found herself within a thunderstorm. Within the thunderstorm, Drox Esquire found herself within a hut. Within the hut, Drox Esquire accidentally went into a marketplace. Within the marketplace, Drox Esquire accidentally went into a thunderstorm. Because of this, Drox Esquire passed through the thunderstorm and moved on. Within the marketplace, Drox Esquire found herself within a castle. After this, Drox Esquire passed through the castle and moved on. Drox Esquire found nothing of interest in the evil marketplace. Drox Esquire found nothing of interest in the offensive hut. Drox Esquire found nothing of interest in the eldritch thunderstorm. Within the arcology, Drox Esquire found herself within a castle. Within the castle, Drox Esquire happened upon a specific location. Later, Drox Esquire passed through the specific location and moved on. Within the castle, Drox Esquire happened upon a series of twisting passageways. After this, Drox Esquire passed through the series of twisting passageways and moved on. Drox Esquire found nothing of interest in the huge castle. Immediately, Drox Esquire passed through the arcology and moved on. The next thing anyone knows is that Drox Esquire passed through the series of twisting passageways and moved on. Drox Esquire found nothing of interest in the eldritch army camp.. In due course of time, a second salesman ignored Drox Esquire. Then a third salesman ignored Drox Esquire. Drox Esquire encountered a professional metacowboy along the way. The professional metacowboy demanded that Drox Esquire tell a story. "Listen well," replied the patient technofirefighter, and began. \par \par A long, long time ago, Deborah Shark the paleowitch set out for adventure. Deborah Shark thought she might find grand adventure at a canyon. Within the canyon, Deborah Shark accidentally went into an eerie dream. The next thing anyone knows is that Deborah Shark passed through the eerie dream and moved on. Deborah Shark found nothing of interest in the ponderous canyon. Deborah Shark still wanted grand adventure. Deborah Shark thought she might find grand adventure at a castle. Within the castle, Deborah Shark accidentally went into a marketplace. Within the marketplace, Deborah Shark happened upon a bad state of mind. Within the bad state of mind, Deborah Shark accidentally went into a forest. Then, Deborah Shark passed through the forest and moved on. Within the bad state of mind, Deborah Shark found herself within a shipyard. In due course of time, Deborah Shark passed through the shipyard and moved on. Deborah Shark found nothing of interest in the ponderous bad state of mind. Later that day, Deborah Shark passed through the marketplace and moved on. Deborah Shark found nothing of interest in the huge castle. The next thing anyone knows is that Deborah Shark encountered a kitten. Deborah Shark encountered a traveler along the way. The traveler ignored Deborah Shark. Later that day, a second traveler gave Deborah Shark a tasteful gift. Immediately, a third traveler stood in Deborah Shark's way, but Deborah Shark found another path, through a room. Within the room, Deborah Shark happened upon a strange dream. Within the strange dream, Deborah Shark happened upon a bad neighborhood. That day, Deborah Shark passed through the bad neighborhood and moved on. Because of this, Deborah Shark passed through the strange dream and moved on. Soon Deborah Shark passed through the room and moved on.. Next, Deborah Shark found an ancient book and opened it.  As Deborah Shark read, the book told an eerie yarn: \par \par \par A long, long time ago, Thomas G. L. Smith the secret mathematician was convinced by a theoretical adventurer to travel the world. Thomas G. L. Smith accidentally went into a palace. Thomas G. L. Smith found nothing of interest in the huge palace. Thomas G. L. Smith was determined to find good times. Thomas G. L. Smith encountered a prophet along the way. The prophet gave Thomas G. L. Smith a rare gift. Next, a second prophet demanded that Thomas G. L. Smith tell a story. "Rest a while, and you can listen," replied the tricky secret mathematician, and began. \par \par A long, long time ago, Bro Haitar the occult dust mite set sail for adventure. Bro Haitar encountered a demon along the way. The demon stood in Bro Haitar's way, but Bro Haitar found another path, through a peaceful protest. Within the peaceful protest, Bro Haitar found himself within an eerie mansion. Within the eerie mansion, Bro Haitar found himself within a hut. Bro Haitar found nothing of interest in the huge hut. Bro Haitar found nothing of interest in the grave eerie mansion. Within the peaceful protest, Bro Haitar found himself within a hut. Later that day, Bro Haitar passed through the hut and moved on. Because of this, Bro Haitar passed through the peaceful protest and moved on.. Later that day, a second demon gave Bro Haitar a tedious gift. Soon a third demon ignored Bro Haitar. Bro Haitar still wanted excitement. Bro Haitar found himself within an arcology. Within the arcology, Bro Haitar found himself within a shipyard. Within the shipyard, Bro Haitar found himself within a bad state of mind. In due course of time, Bro Haitar passed through the bad state of mind and moved on. Within the shipyard, Bro Haitar accidentally went into an army camp. Next, Bro Haitar passed through the army camp and moved on. Bro Haitar found nothing of interest in the offensive shipyard. Within the arcology, Bro Haitar happened upon a canyon. Bro Haitar found nothing of interest in the eldritch canyon. Within the arcology, Bro Haitar found himself within an army camp. Within the army camp, Bro Haitar accidentally went into an island. Bro Haitar found nothing of interest in the eldritch island. Bro Haitar found nothing of interest in the eldritch army camp. Soon Bro Haitar passed through the arcology and moved on. Bro Haitar still wanted adventure. Bro Haitar encountered a traveler along the way. The traveler demanded that Bro Haitar tell a story. "Listen well," replied the talkative occult dust mite, and began. \par \par When the world was still young, Itstri the Conquerer the theoretical criminal left their home. An old zooaxlotl told Itstri the Conquerer a story. "Turn your ear," he said to Itstri the Conquerer, "to this unique account."\par \par Once upon a time, Princess Tertia S. Johnston the occult mathematician had found refuge in a mysterious shipyard. Princess Tertia S. Johnston felt safe at the shipyard but her true love was sick; so she had no choice but to leave her home. Princess Tertia S. Johnston thought she might find  medicine at a peaceful protest. Soon Princess Tertia S. Johnston passed through the peaceful protest and moved on. Princess Tertia S. Johnston passed by a dog fighting a raven. An old theoretical mechanicsmuggler told Princess Tertia S. Johnston a story. "Turn your ear," he said to Princess Tertia S. Johnston, "to this unique tale."\par \par Once upon a time, Lady Thatcher the Mad the technomechanic had found refuge in a strange mansion. Lady Thatcher the Mad felt safe at the mansion but life there was boring. So she arranged a trip abroad. Lady Thatcher the Mad encountered a demon along the way. The demon demanded that Lady Thatcher the Mad tell a story. "Listen well," replied the clever technomechanic, and began. \par \par When the world was still young, Fox IV the supersalmon left his home. Fox IV encountered a warrior along the way. The warrior demanded that Fox IV tell a story. "Hey! You'd better listen," replied the clever supersalmon, and began. \par \par Once upon a time, Prince Timothy D. Shark the theater firefighter set out for adventure. Next, Prince Timothy D. Shark found an ancient book and opened it.  As Prince Timothy D. Shark read, the book told a baffling account: \par \par \par When the world was still young, Edge-case Dora Donov the time salmon set sail for adventure. The next thing anyone knows is that Edge-case Dora Donov found an ancient book and opened it.  As Edge-case Dora Donov read, the book told a portentous yarn: \par \par \par A long, long time ago, Edge-case Deborah J. R. Denovich the street firefighter had found refuge in a strange army camp. Edge-case Deborah J. R. Denovich felt safe at the army camp but life there was boring. So she arranged a trip abroad. Edge-case Deborah J. R. Denovich encountered a huge town. Edge-case Deborah J. R. Denovich encountered a superstreet keeper along the way. The superstreet keeper gave Edge-case Deborah J. R. Denovich an extravagent gift. Later that day, a second superstreet keeper demanded that Edge-case Deborah J. R. Denovich tell a story. "Hey! You'd better listen," replied the patient street firefighter, and began. \par \par A long, long time ago, Bright-Eyed Droarwro X. Smith the robinballerina was convinced by a space captain to travel the world. Bright-Eyed Droarwro X. Smith encountered a blasphemous town. Bright-Eyed Droarwro X. Smith encountered a prophet along the way. The prophet ignored Bright-Eyed Droarwro X. Smith. The next thing anyone knows is that a second prophet ignored Bright-Eyed Droarwro X. Smith. Immediately, a third prophet gave Bright-Eyed Droarwro X. Smith a grave gift. Bright-Eyed Droarwro X. Smith still wanted to travel. Bright-Eyed Droarwro X. Smith accidentally went into a cavern. Bright-Eyed Droarwro X. Smith found nothing of interest in the huge cavern. An old theater promoter told Bright-Eyed Droarwro X. Smith a story. "Turn your ear," he said to Bright-Eyed Droarwro X. Smith, "to this strange legend."\par \par A long, long time ago, Crazy Todd Y. Kroafed the street dolphin left his home. Crazy Todd Y. Kroafed thought he might find new friends at a unique dome. Crazy Todd Y. Kroafed found nothing of interest in the offensive unique dome. Crazy Todd Y. Kroafed still wanted interesting sights. An old lumber rabbit told Crazy Todd Y. Kroafed a story. "Turn your ear," he said to Crazy Todd Y. Kroafed, "to this portentous legend."\par \par When the world was still young, Droxub the zoogryphon left his home. Droxub happened upon a thunderstorm. Within the thunderstorm, Droxub accidentally went into a strange dream. Droxub found nothing of interest in the huge strange dream. Within the thunderstorm, Droxub happened upon a party. Droxub found nothing of interest in the eldritch party. Droxub found nothing of interest in the ancient thunderstorm. Droxub thought constantly about the to see the world he sought. Droxub passed by a cat living in an eerie house. An old blood captain told Droxub a story. "Hey! You'd better listen," he said to Droxub, "to this strange legend."\par \par A few years ago, Rebecca Y. Donov the space entrepreneur went to seek her fortune. Rebecca Y. Donov encountered a dark cave. An old street ballerina told Rebecca Y. Donov a story. "Rest a while, and you can listen," he said to Rebecca Y. Donov, "to this strange saga."\par \par When the world was still young, Dr. James Johnson the mad philosopherkeeper resumed his habitual travels. Dr. James Johnson encountered a demon along the way. The demon demanded that Dr. James Johnson tell a story. "Rest a while, and you can listen," replied the tricky mad philosopherkeeper, and began. \par \par Once upon a time, Prince Darcy the Mad the gentleman street marine was convinced by a time detective to travel the world. Prince Darcy the Mad passed by a vexed brain theoretical doctor living in the wilderness. An old brain promoter told Prince Darcy the Mad a story. "Turn your ear," she said to Prince Darcy the Mad, "to this strange story."\par \par A long, long time ago, Duchess Paicud the Conquerer the occult wright set out for adventure. Duchess Paicud the Conquerer thought she might find excitement at a mansion. Duchess Paicud the Conquerer found nothing of interest in the blasphemous mansion. Duchess Paicud the Conquerer was determined to find adventure. Later, Duchess Paicud the Conquerer found an ancient book and opened it.  As Duchess Paicud the Conquerer read, the book told a memorable rumor: \par \par \par When the world was still young, Claino Esquire the aspiring wizard set sail for adventure. Claino Esquire thought he might find adventure at a mansion. Claino Esquire found nothing of interest in the boring mansion. An old technojackalope told Claino Esquire a story. "Rest a while, and you can listen," she said to Claino Esquire, "to this enchanting yarn."\par \par A few years ago, Professor Thawbrasup the street entrepreneurscientist was convinced by a technoastronaut to travel the world. Soon Professor Thawbrasup found an ancient book and opened it.  As Professor Thawbrasup read, the book told a memorable story: \par \par \par Once upon a time, Steelcaster the technocowboy set out for adventure. Steelcaster encountered a duck. An old theater promoter told Steelcaster a story. "Hey! You'd better listen," he said to Steelcaster, "to this mysterious saga."\par \par Once upon a time, Petrov the street detective left his home. Petrov thought he might find business contacts at a tower. Later that day, Petrov passed through the tower and moved on. That day, Petrov passed by a vast army. An old technohero told Petrov a story. "Rest a while, and you can listen," she said to Petrov, "to this mysterious story."\par \par A few years ago, Utiawsclup the robinauthor set out for adventure. Utiawsclup passed by a dolphin. Utiawsclup passed by a waterfall. Utiawsclup passed by an owl. An old zoodoctor told Utiawsclup a story. "Rest a while, and you can listen," she said to Utiawsclup, "to this enchanting tale."\par \par A long, long time ago, Jeremy B. Smith the world-smuggler left his home. An old cartmathematician told Jeremy B. Smith a story. "Turn your ear," ve said to Jeremy B. Smith, "to this strange account."\par \par When the world was still young, Robert S. Steelcaster the gentleman authorcommunist set sail for adventure. An old secret philosopher told Robert S. Steelcaster a story. "Hey! You'd better listen," he said to Robert S. Steelcaster, "to this enchanting account."\par \par A long, long time ago, Sarah D. Smith the occult smuggler set out for adventure. Sarah D. Smith encountered a dust mite living in a baffling house. Then, Sarah D. Smith found an ancient book and opened it.  As Sarah D. Smith read, the book told a memorable account: \par \par \par A few years ago, Bright-Eyed Jonny Kliot the blood mechanicpromoter set sail for adventure. Later, Bright-Eyed Jonny Kliot found an ancient book and opened it.  As Bright-Eyed Jonny Kliot read, the book told a mysterious saga: \par \par \par Once upon a time, Theresa Donov the cartsmugglersoldier set out for adventure. An old metaseller told Theresa Donov a story. "Listen well," he said to Theresa Donov, "to this portentous account."\par \par A few years ago, Ritip the Elder the space first scientist set sail for adventure. Soon Ritip the Elder found an ancient book and opened it.  As Ritip the Elder read, the book told a portentous rumor: \par \par \par A few years ago, Todd L. Smith the superscientist went to seek his fortune. Then Todd L. Smith found an ancient book and opened it.  As Todd L. Smith read, the book told a relevant legend: \par \par \par A few years ago, Hanna K. Steelcaster the mad criminal had found refuge in a unique dog's belly. Hanna K. Steelcaster felt safe at the dog's belly but her true love was sick; so she had no choice but to leave her home. Hanna K. Steelcaster encountered a prophet along the way. The prophet stood in Hanna K. Steelcaster's way, but Hanna K. Steelcaster found another path, through a bad state of mind. Within the bad state of mind, Hanna K. Steelcaster happened upon a baffling dream. Within the baffling dream, Hanna K. Steelcaster accidentally went into a series of twisting passageways. Within the series of twisting passageways, Hanna K. Steelcaster accidentally went into a room. Later, Hanna K. Steelcaster passed through the room and moved on. Within the series of twisting passageways, Hanna K. Steelcaster found herself within a baffling mansion. Hanna K. Steelcaster found nothing of interest in the huge baffling mansion. Within the series of twisting passageways, Hanna K. Steelcaster accidentally went into a mansion. Within the mansion, Hanna K. Steelcaster happened upon a bad state of mind. In due course of time, Hanna K. Steelcaster passed through the bad state of mind and moved on. Within the mansion, Hanna K. Steelcaster accidentally went into a party. Hanna K. Steelcaster found nothing of interest in the ancient party. Within the mansion, Hanna K. Steelcaster happened upon a bad neighborhood. Hanna K. Steelcaster found nothing of interest in the ponderous bad neighborhood. Within the mansion, Hanna K. Steelcaster found herself within a marketplace. Later that day, Hanna K. Steelcaster passed through the marketplace and moved on. Within the mansion, Hanna K. Steelcaster found herself within a hut. Within the hut, Hanna K. Steelcaster accidentally went into a castle. Within the castle, Hanna K. Steelcaster found herself within a bad state of mind. Eventually, Hanna K. Steelcaster passed through the bad state of mind and moved on. Hanna K. Steelcaster found nothing of interest in the tedious castle. Within the hut, Hanna K. Steelcaster found herself within a bad neighborhood. Later that day, Hanna K. Steelcaster passed through the bad neighborhood and moved on. After this, Hanna K. Steelcaster passed through the hut and moved on. Soon Hanna K. Steelcaster passed through the mansion and moved on. Within the series of twisting passageways, Hanna K. Steelcaster happened upon an island. Within the island, Hanna K. Steelcaster found herself within an island. Within the island, Hanna K. Steelcaster happened upon an island. Hanna K. Steelcaster found nothing of interest in the blasphemous island. Because of this, Hanna K. Steelcaster passed through the island and moved on. Hanna K. Steelcaster found nothing of interest in the grave island. Hanna K. Steelcaster found nothing of interest in the ponderous series of twisting passageways. Hanna K. Steelcaster found nothing of interest in the blasphemous baffling dream. That day, Hanna K. Steelcaster passed through the bad state of mind and moved on.. Then a second prophet ignored Hanna K. Steelcaster. Because of this, a third prophet ignored Hanna K. Steelcaster. Hanna K. Steelcaster eventually went home. Todd L. Smith searched the pages for more, but that was all. Ritip the Elder slammed the grave book closed and returned home.\par  Theresa Donov thanked the metaseller for the warning and returned home. Bright-Eyed Jonny Kliot searched the pages for more, but that was all. Sarah D. Smith searched the pages for more, but that was all.\par  Robert S. Steelcaster thanked the secret philosopher for the warning and returned home.\par  "I am just a world-smuggler', said Jeremy B. Smith, "and you are a wise cartmathematician. I will remember your story". Jeremy B. Smith eventually went home.\par  Utiawsclup thanked the zoodoctor for the warning and returned home.\par  Petrov thanked the technohero for the warning and returned home.\par  "I am just a technocowboy', said Steelcaster, "and you are a very old theater promoter. I will heed your advice". Finally, Steelcaster happened upon the excitement she were after. her heart at rest, Steelcaster's journey came to an end. \par The tale inspired Professor Thawbrasup to go on. Professor Thawbrasup accidentally went into a specific location. Soon Professor Thawbrasup passed through the specific location and moved on. Professor Thawbrasup arrived home later that day.\par  "I am just an aspiring wizard', said Claino Esquire, "and you are a skilled technojackalope. I will remember your story". Tiring of travel, Claino Esquire settled down. Duchess Paicud the Conquerer searched the pages for more, but that was all.\par  "I am just a gentleman street marine', said Prince Darcy the Mad, "and you are a very old brain promoter. I will remember your story". To this day, nobody knows what happened to Prince Darcy the Mad.\par The astute demon thanked Dr. James Johnson and left. After this, a second demon gave Dr. James Johnson an extravagent gift. Eventually, a third demon gave Dr. James Johnson a tasteful gift. The next thing anyone knows is that Dr. James Johnson went home.\par  But Rebecca Y. Donov did not listen, and continued on. Rebecca Y. Donov encountered an ancient town. Rebecca Y. Donov thought she might find wealth at a portentous dome. Rebecca Y. Donov found nothing of interest in the evil portentous dome. Rebecca Y. Donov thought she might find fortune at a thunderstorm. Later that day, Rebecca Y. Donov passed through the thunderstorm and moved on. Tiring of travel, Rebecca Y. Donov settled down. \par  Droxub thanked the blood captain for the warning and returned home.\par  "I am just a street dolphin', said Crazy Todd Y. Kroafed, "and you are a very old lumber rabbit. I will remember your story". In due course of time, Crazy Todd Y. Kroafed encountered a dark cave. Crazy Todd Y. Kroafed encountered a vexed blood jack living in the wilderness. Because of this, Crazy Todd Y. Kroafed happened upon the new friends he were after. his heart at rest, Crazy Todd Y. Kroafed's journey came to an end.\par  Bright-Eyed Droarwro X. Smith thanked the theater promoter for the warning and returned home.\par The enchantinged superstreet keeper thanked Edge-case Deborah J. R. Denovich and left. Soon a third superstreet keeper ignored Edge-case Deborah J. R. Denovich. At long last, Edge-case Deborah J. R. Denovich happened upon the  adventure she were after. her heart at rest, Edge-case Deborah J. R. Denovich's journey came to an end. \par The tale inspired Edge-case Dora Donov to go on. Edge-case Dora Donov thought he might find grand adventure at an eagle's belly. Later that day, Edge-case Dora Donov passed through the eagle's belly and moved on. Edge-case Dora Donov thought he might find excitement at a party. Within the party, Edge-case Dora Donov accidentally went into a hut. Eventually, Edge-case Dora Donov passed through the hut and moved on. Within the party, Edge-case Dora Donov accidentally went into a village. Edge-case Dora Donov found nothing of interest in the eldritch village. Then, Edge-case Dora Donov passed through the party and moved on. After all this had happened, Edge-case Dora Donov happened upon the grand adventure he were after. his heart at rest, Edge-case Dora Donov's journey came to an end. "What a sly book," Prince Timothy D. Shark thought, and took it for his own. Prince Timothy D. Shark thought he might find grand adventure at a city. That day, Prince Timothy D. Shark passed through the city and moved on. At long last, Prince Timothy D. Shark happened upon a likely source of the grand adventure he so desired. The patient theater firefighter had heard a rumor that a technogryphon at a nearby series of twisting passageways could help him find excitement. So Prince Timothy D. Shark went. The series of twisting passageways was very lonely. Despite many setbacks, Prince Timothy D. Shark tracked down the technogryphon. Their name was Betty Steelcaster. "I can get you the adventure you seek," said Betty Steelcaster, "but only if you can find me a key so I can get to the next level." At least, tower was a full of interesting people place to look for key. At least series of twisting passageways was a pleasant place to look for key. Mercifully, tower was a fascinating place to look for key. At long last, Prince Timothy D. Shark tracked down the key for Betty Steelcaster. Prince Timothy D. Shark returned to Betty Steelcaster triumphant, and received his hoped-for adventure. And so, Prince Timothy D. Shark the theater firefighter lived happily ever after.\par The talkative warrior thanked Fox IV and left. That day, a second warrior gave Fox IV a tasteful gift. In due course of time, a third warrior stood in Fox IV's way, but Fox IV found another path, through a city. After this, Fox IV passed through the city and moved on.. After this, Fox IV passed by a parrot living in an eerie house. Fox IV passed by a frame sunrise. Fox IV happened upon a bad neighborhood. Fox IV found nothing of interest in the huge bad neighborhood. After this, Fox IV encountered a vast army. Fox IV thought he might find to see the world at an army camp. Within the army camp, Fox IV found himself within a mysterious dome. Within the mysterious dome, Fox IV happened upon a forest. Later that day, Fox IV passed through the forest and moved on. Within the mysterious dome, Fox IV found himself within a peaceful protest. Next, Fox IV passed through the peaceful protest and moved on. Within the mysterious dome, Fox IV found himself within a dog's belly. Fox IV found nothing of interest in the ponderous dog's belly. Fox IV found nothing of interest in the grave mysterious dome. Within the army camp, Fox IV found himself within a room. Fox IV found nothing of interest in the ponderous room. Fox IV found nothing of interest in the boring army camp. Later, Fox IV happened upon the to see the world he were after. his heart at rest, Fox IV's journey came to an end.\par The very old demon thanked Lady Thatcher the Mad and left. Then, a second demon stood in Lady Thatcher the Mad's way, but Lady Thatcher the Mad found another path, through a bad state of mind. Then, Lady Thatcher the Mad passed through the bad state of mind and moved on.. Soon a third demon stood in Lady Thatcher the Mad's way, but Lady Thatcher the Mad found another path, through a bad state of mind. Later that day, Lady Thatcher the Mad passed through the bad state of mind and moved on.. Lady Thatcher the Mad encountered an axlotl fighting a sparrow. The next thing anyone knows is that Lady Thatcher the Mad passed by a courteous gentleman first ninja living in the wilderness. Lady Thatcher the Mad encountered a prophet along the way. The prophet stood in Lady Thatcher the Mad's way, but Lady Thatcher the Mad found another path, through a party. Soon Lady Thatcher the Mad passed through the party and moved on.. After this, a second prophet gave Lady Thatcher the Mad a grave gift. That day, a third prophet stood in Lady Thatcher the Mad's way, but Lady Thatcher the Mad found another path, through a cavern. Within the cavern, Lady Thatcher the Mad happened upon a tower. Within the tower, Lady Thatcher the Mad happened upon an arcology. Lady Thatcher the Mad found nothing of interest in the evil arcology. Next, Lady Thatcher the Mad passed through the tower and moved on. Lady Thatcher the Mad found nothing of interest in the blasphemous cavern.. Lady Thatcher the Mad arrived home later that day.\par  "I am just an occult mathematician', said Princess Tertia S. Johnston, "and you are a learnéd theoretical mechanicsmuggler. I will remember your story". Princess Tertia S. Johnston accidentally went into a shipyard. Within the shipyard, Princess Tertia S. Johnston accidentally went into a duck's belly. Princess Tertia S. Johnston found nothing of interest in the boring duck's belly. Within the shipyard, Princess Tertia S. Johnston found herself within a hut. Within the hut, Princess Tertia S. Johnston accidentally went into a mansion. Soon Princess Tertia S. Johnston passed through the mansion and moved on. Within the hut, Princess Tertia S. Johnston accidentally went into a peaceful protest. Princess Tertia S. Johnston found nothing of interest in the ponderous peaceful protest. Within the hut, Princess Tertia S. Johnston happened upon a village. The next thing anyone knows is that Princess Tertia S. Johnston passed through the village and moved on. Soon Princess Tertia S. Johnston passed through the hut and moved on. After this, Princess Tertia S. Johnston passed through the shipyard and moved on. At long last, Princess Tertia S. Johnston happened upon the  a cure she were after. her heart at rest, Princess Tertia S. Johnston's journey came to an end.\par  "I am just a theoretical criminal', said Itstri the Conquerer, "and you are a learnéd zooaxlotl. I will heed your advice". Itstri the Conquerer was determined to find business contacts. Itstri the Conquerer accidentally went into an eerie dome. Because of this, Itstri the Conquerer passed through the eerie dome and moved on. Itstri the Conquerer thought constantly about the good times they sought. Itstri the Conquerer thought they might find novelty at a mansion. Because of this, Itstri the Conquerer passed through the mansion and moved on. Itstri the Conquerer still wanted new friends. Itstri the Conquerer passed by a waterfall. Itstri the Conquerer accidentally went into a series of twisting passageways. Itstri the Conquerer found nothing of interest in the grave series of twisting passageways. Because of this, Itstri the Conquerer encountered an impassioned applied hero living in the wilderness. Itstri the Conquerer passed by a courteous professional vampire living in the wilderness. Itstri the Conquerer encountered a courteous space robinwright living in the wilderness. Itstri the Conquerer happened upon a forest. Itstri the Conquerer found nothing of interest in the ancient forest. Immediately, Itstri the Conquerer passed by a vast army. Itstri the Conquerer passed by a robin living in an enchanting house. Itstri the Conquerer thought they might find new friends at a courtyard. Within the courtyard, Itstri the Conquerer accidentally went into a specific location. Within the specific location, Itstri the Conquerer found themself within a castle. In due course of time, Itstri the Conquerer passed through the castle and moved on. Itstri the Conquerer found nothing of interest in the blasphemous specific location. Itstri the Conquerer found nothing of interest in the ponderous courtyard. To this day, nobody knows what happened to Itstri the Conquerer.\par The thoughtful traveler thanked Bro Haitar and left. Later, a second traveler ignored Bro Haitar. Later, a third traveler ignored Bro Haitar. To this day, nobody knows what happened to Bro Haitar.\par The satisfied prophet thanked Thomas G. L. Smith and left. The next thing anyone knows is that a third prophet stood in Thomas G. L. Smith's way, but Thomas G. L. Smith found another path, through a castle. Within the castle, Thomas G. L. Smith happened upon a library. Within the library, Thomas G. L. Smith found himself within a canyon. Within the canyon, Thomas G. L. Smith happened upon a relevant dream. Within the relevant dream, Thomas G. L. Smith accidentally went into a cavern. After this, Thomas G. L. Smith passed through the cavern and moved on. Within the relevant dream, Thomas G. L. Smith found himself within a peaceful protest. Then, Thomas G. L. Smith passed through the peaceful protest and moved on. Later, Thomas G. L. Smith passed through the relevant dream and moved on. Within the canyon, Thomas G. L. Smith happened upon an island. Within the island, Thomas G. L. Smith found himself within an enchanting dream. Thomas G. L. Smith found nothing of interest in the grave enchanting dream. Within the island, Thomas G. L. Smith accidentally went into a peaceful protest. Thomas G. L. Smith found nothing of interest in the huge peaceful protest. Within the island, Thomas G. L. Smith found himself within a series of twisting passageways. Thomas G. L. Smith found nothing of interest in the blasphemous series of twisting passageways. Thomas G. L. Smith found nothing of interest in the blasphemous island. Then, Thomas G. L. Smith passed through the canyon and moved on. Next, Thomas G. L. Smith passed through the library and moved on. Within the castle, Thomas G. L. Smith happened upon an army camp. Thomas G. L. Smith found nothing of interest in the huge army camp. Soon Thomas G. L. Smith passed through the castle and moved on.. Tiring of travel, Thomas G. L. Smith settled down. \par The tale inspired Deborah Shark to go on. Deborah Shark passed by a dark cave. Deborah Shark passed by a waterfall. Deborah Shark thought she might find adventure at a thunderstorm. Within the thunderstorm, Deborah Shark found herself within a portentous dream. Deborah Shark found nothing of interest in the boring portentous dream. Deborah Shark found nothing of interest in the evil thunderstorm. Deborah Shark thought constantly about the excitement she sought. Deborah Shark encountered a demon along the way. The demon stood in Deborah Shark's way, but Deborah Shark found another path, through a bad state of mind. Deborah Shark found nothing of interest in the offensive bad state of mind.. Then a second demon gave Deborah Shark a rare gift. Then a third demon gave Deborah Shark a rare gift. Tiring of travel, Deborah Shark settled down.\par The wistful professional metacowboy thanked Drox Esquire and left. In due course of time, a second professional metacowboy ignored Drox Esquire. Soon a third professional metacowboy stood in Drox Esquire's way, but Drox Esquire found another path, through a castle. Within the castle, Drox Esquire happened upon a cat's belly. Drox Esquire found nothing of interest in the evil cat's belly. Within the castle, Drox Esquire accidentally went into a village. Drox Esquire found nothing of interest in the grave village. Eventually, Drox Esquire passed through the castle and moved on.. Despite many setbacks, Drox Esquire happened upon the business contacts she were after. her heart at rest, Drox Esquire's journey came to an end.\par The relevanted prophet thanked Sam and left. Immediately, a third prophet gave Sam a magnificent gift. Then Sam passed by an impassioned double mathematician living in the wilderness. Sam encountered a prophet along the way. The prophet ignored Sam. Later, a second prophet demanded that Sam tell a story. "Hey! You'd better listen," replied the talkative cybercaptain, and began. \par \par A few years ago, Mad Deb Q. Stanislov the mad author resumed her habitual travels. Mad Deb Q. Stanislov encountered a prophet along the way. The prophet stood in Mad Deb Q. Stanislov's way, but Mad Deb Q. Stanislov found another path, through a palace. Later that day, Mad Deb Q. Stanislov passed through the palace and moved on.. The next thing anyone knows is that a second prophet ignored Mad Deb Q. Stanislov. Later, a third prophet stood in Mad Deb Q. Stanislov's way, but Mad Deb Q. Stanislov found another path, through an eerie mansion. Mad Deb Q. Stanislov found nothing of interest in the huge eerie mansion.. At long last, Mad Deb Q. Stanislov happened upon a likely source of the novelty she so desired. The patient mad author had heard a rumor that an erotic parrot at a nearby thunderstorm could help her find to travel. So Mad Deb Q. Stanislov went. The thunderstorm was very lonely. Finally, Mad Deb Q. Stanislov tracked down the erotic parrot. Her name was Captain Regret. "I can get you the new friends you seek," said Captain Regret, "but only if you can find me a key so I can unlock the Princess's heart." As Mad Deb Q. Stanislov walked further into the thunderstorm, she met a penniless axlotlaspiring jack named Betty Donov who was looking for a key so she could unlock the Princess's heart. Mad Deb Q. Stanislov offered to help. "I myself am a mad author," said Mad Deb Q. Stanislov. "I think I can find you a key." Mercifully, thunderstorm was a nothing but inviting place to look for unicorn. In the end, Mad Deb Q. Stanislov tracked down the key for Betty Donov. Mad Deb Q. Stanislov returned the key to the poor axlotlaspiring jack. "Thanks a million!" she said, and rushed off to unlock the Princess's heart. As Mad Deb Q. Stanislov walked further into the thunderstorm, she met a penniless technocowboy named Siobroo who was looking for a key so he could get to the next level. Mad Deb Q. Stanislov offered to help. "I myself am a mad author," said Mad Deb Q. Stanislov. "I think I can find you a key." Thankfully thunderstorm was a nothing but inviting place to look for key. Finally, Mad Deb Q. Stanislov tracked down the key for Siobroo. Siobroo the technocowboy was astonished to see Mad Deb Q. Stanislov return with the key. "I've heard your looking for this." Siobroo showed Mad Deb Q. Stanislov the key she had been searching for.\par  Mad Deb Q. Stanislov returned to Captain Regret triumphant, and received her hoped-for new friends. And so, Mad Deb Q. Stanislov the mad author lived happily ever after.\par The happy prophet thanked Sam and left. That day, a third prophet ignored Sam. At long last, Sam happened upon a likely source of the novelty he so desired. The thoughtful cybercaptain had heard a rumor that a time ballerina at a nearby coyote's belly could help him find to travel. So Sam went. The coyote's belly was very lonely. At long last, Sam tracked down the time ballerina. His name was Slangweb the Mad. "I can get you the business contacts you seek," said Slangweb the Mad, "but only if you can find me a key so I can get to the next level." As Sam walked further into the coyote's belly, he met a penniless blood cowboy named Tom Donovitch who was looking for a dolphin so he could make a stew. Sam offered to help. "I myself am a cybercaptain," said Sam. "I think I can find you a dolphin." As Sam walked further into the coyote's belly, he met a penniless aspiring theoretical hero named King Mad Deewdrea who was looking for a key so he could unlock the Princess's heart. Sam offered to help. "I myself am a cybercaptain," said Sam. "I think I can find you a key." Thankfully coyote's belly was an interesting place to look for key. After all this had happened, Sam tracked down the key for King Mad Deewdrea. King Mad Deewdrea the aspiring theoretical hero was astonished to see Sam return with the key. "I've heard your looking for this." King Mad Deewdrea showed Sam the key he had been searching for.\par  Sam returned the key to the poor aspiring theoretical hero. "Thanks a million!" he said, and rushed off to unlock the Princess's heart. As Sam walked further into the coyote's belly, he met a penniless lumber double pirate named Edge-case Fox who was looking for an eagle so he could make a stew. Sam offered to help. "I myself am a cybercaptain," said Sam. "I think I can find you an eagle." At least, city was a very interesting place to look for cat. Mercifully, coyote's belly was an interesting place to look for eagle. Despite many setbacks, Sam tracked down the eagle for Edge-case Fox. Edge-case Fox the lumber double pirate was astonished to see Sam return with the eagle. "I've heard your looking for this." Edge-case Fox showed Sam the eagle he had been searching for.\par  Sam returned to Slangweb the Mad triumphant, and received his hoped-for new friends. And so, Sam the cybercaptain lived happily ever after.\par The puzzled warrior thanked Crazy Hoa and left. That day, a third warrior ignored Crazy Hoa. In due course of time, Crazy Hoa encountered a mysterious sunrise. An old theater ninjaphilosopher told Crazy Hoa a story. "Hey! You'd better listen," he said to Crazy Hoa, "to this enchanting tale."\par \par When the world was still young, John Q. Shark the theater priest went to seek his fortune. John Q. Shark happened upon a series of twisting passageways. John Q. Shark found nothing of interest in the grave series of twisting passageways. At long last, John Q. Shark happened upon a likely source of the fortune he so desired. The thoughtful theater priest had heard a rumor that a technoastronaut at a nearby island could help him find loot. So John Q. Shark went. Later that day, John Q. Shark fell deeply in love with a talkative metasmuggler named Denovich who wanted a duck. Thankfully island was a warm and pleasant place to look for duck. As John Q. Shark walked further into the island, he met a penniless world-entrepreneur named Prince Jim Johnston who was looking for a key so he could get to the next level. John Q. Shark offered to help. "I myself am a theater priest," said John Q. Shark. "I think I can find you a key." As John Q. Shark walked further into the island, he met a penniless street mathematician named Captain Dewbix Shark who was looking for a key so he could get to the next level. John Q. Shark offered to help. "I myself am a theater priest," said John Q. Shark. "I think I can find you a key." Mercifully, tower was a fascinating place to look for key. At long last, John Q. Shark tracked down the key for Captain Dewbix Shark. Captain Dewbix Shark the street mathematician was astonished to see John Q. Shark return with the key. "I've heard your looking for this." Captain Dewbix Shark showed John Q. Shark the key he had been searching for.\par  Captain Dewbix Shark the street mathematician was astonished to see John Q. Shark return with the key. "I've heard your looking for this." Captain Dewbix Shark showed John Q. Shark the key he had been searching for.\par  After all this had happened, John Q. Shark tracked down the technoastronaut. Her name was Bright-Eyed Chiaki. "I can get you the wealth you seek," said Bright-Eyed Chiaki, "but only if you can find me a dog so I can make a stew." Mercifully, tower was a fascinating place to look for key. At long last, John Q. Shark tracked down the dog for Bright-Eyed Chiaki. John Q. Shark returned to Bright-Eyed Chiaki triumphant, and received his hoped-for fortune. And so, John Q. Shark the theater priest lived happily ever after.\par  But Crazy Hoa did not listen, and continued on. Crazy Hoa accidentally went into a thunderstorm. Crazy Hoa found nothing of interest in the boring thunderstorm. Crazy Hoa was determined to find excitement. Crazy Hoa encountered a frame sunrise. Crazy Hoa encountered a warrior along the way. The warrior stood in Crazy Hoa's way, but Crazy Hoa found another path, through a forest. Then, Crazy Hoa passed through the forest and moved on.. That day, a second warrior stood in Crazy Hoa's way, but Crazy Hoa found another path, through an island. In due course of time, Crazy Hoa passed through the island and moved on.. In due course of time, a third warrior demanded that Crazy Hoa tell a story. "Hey! You'd better listen," replied the patient zoocrab, and began. \par \par When the world was still young, Jedoo the Conquerer the time captain was convinced by an occult salmon to travel the world. Jedoo the Conquerer encountered a warrior along the way. The warrior stood in Jedoo the Conquerer's way, but Jedoo the Conquerer found another path, through a peaceful protest. That day, Jedoo the Conquerer passed through the peaceful protest and moved on.. Then, a second warrior stood in Jedoo the Conquerer's way, but Jedoo the Conquerer found another path, through a castle. Within the castle, Jedoo the Conquerer accidentally went into an enchanting dream. Within the enchanting dream, Jedoo the Conquerer accidentally went into a courtyard. Within the courtyard, Jedoo the Conquerer found herself within a bad neighborhood. The next thing anyone knows is that Jedoo the Conquerer passed through the bad neighborhood and moved on. Within the courtyard, Jedoo the Conquerer accidentally went into a bad neighborhood. Within the bad neighborhood, Jedoo the Conquerer accidentally went into a tower. Jedoo the Conquerer found nothing of interest in the ancient tower. Soon Jedoo the Conquerer passed through the bad neighborhood and moved on. Within the courtyard, Jedoo the Conquerer found herself within a village. Within the village, Jedoo the Conquerer happened upon an army camp. Jedoo the Conquerer found nothing of interest in the evil army camp. Within the village, Jedoo the Conquerer happened upon a mansion. Jedoo the Conquerer found nothing of interest in the evil mansion. Within the village, Jedoo the Conquerer found herself within a frame dome. Jedoo the Conquerer found nothing of interest in the ancient frame dome. Then Jedoo the Conquerer passed through the village and moved on. Soon Jedoo the Conquerer passed through the courtyard and moved on. Within the enchanting dream, Jedoo the Conquerer happened upon a tower. Within the tower, Jedoo the Conquerer accidentally went into a forest. Jedoo the Conquerer found nothing of interest in the huge forest. Within the tower, Jedoo the Conquerer accidentally went into a forest. Soon Jedoo the Conquerer passed through the forest and moved on. Jedoo the Conquerer found nothing of interest in the grave tower. Jedoo the Conquerer found nothing of interest in the tedious enchanting dream. Later, Jedoo the Conquerer passed through the castle and moved on.. Next, a third warrior gave Jedoo the Conquerer a rare gift. Jedoo the Conquerer arrived home later that day.\par The puzzled warrior thanked Crazy Hoa and left. Later, Crazy Hoa passed by a frame sunrise. Crazy Hoa happened upon a tower. Then Crazy Hoa passed through the tower and moved on. Crazy Hoa was determined to find excitement. An old cartwitch told Crazy Hoa a story. "Listen well," he said to Crazy Hoa, "to this strange tale."\par \par When the world was still young, Theresa Sword the paleosoldier set out for adventure. Theresa Sword accidentally went into an island. Within the island, Theresa Sword found himself within a peaceful protest. Within the peaceful protest, Theresa Sword happened upon a courtyard. Within the courtyard, Theresa Sword found himself within an arcology. Soon Theresa Sword passed through the arcology and moved on. The next thing anyone knows is that Theresa Sword passed through the courtyard and moved on. Within the peaceful protest, Theresa Sword found himself within a bad neighborhood. Within the bad neighborhood, Theresa Sword accidentally went into a courtyard. Soon Theresa Sword passed through the courtyard and moved on. Within the bad neighborhood, Theresa Sword found himself within a mansion. Within the mansion, Theresa Sword found himself within a specific location. The next thing anyone knows is that Theresa Sword passed through the specific location and moved on. Then, Theresa Sword passed through the mansion and moved on. Later, Theresa Sword passed through the bad neighborhood and moved on. Within the peaceful protest, Theresa Sword happened upon a bad state of mind. Next, Theresa Sword passed through the bad state of mind and moved on. Later that day, Theresa Sword passed through the peaceful protest and moved on. Theresa Sword found nothing of interest in the eldritch island. At long last, Theresa Sword happened upon a likely source of the excitement he so desired. The clever paleosoldier had heard a rumor that a theoretical entrepreneur at a nearby bad neighborhood could help him find excitement. So Theresa Sword went. The bad neighborhood was very lonely. Then Theresa Sword tracked down the theoretical entrepreneur. Ver name was Professor Ox. "I can get you the grand adventure you seek," said Professor Ox, "but only if you can find me a key so I can unlock the Princess's heart." Thankfully bad neighborhood was a nothing but inviting place to look for key. After all this had happened, Theresa Sword tracked down the key for Professor Ox. Theresa Sword returned to Professor Ox triumphant, and received his hoped-for excitement. And so, Theresa Sword the paleosoldier lived happily ever after.\par  "I am just a zoocrab', said Crazy Hoa, "and you are a learnéd cartwitch. I will heed your advice". Later, Crazy Hoa found an ancient book and opened it.  As Crazy Hoa read, the book told a unique saga: \par \par \par A few years ago, Ashley Denovich the metablood spy set sail for adventure. Ashley Denovich found herself within a library. Within the library, Ashley Denovich happened upon a series of twisting passageways. Ashley Denovich found nothing of interest in the huge series of twisting passageways. Within the library, Ashley Denovich accidentally went into a forest. Ashley Denovich found nothing of interest in the ponderous forest. Within the library, Ashley Denovich found herself within a bad neighborhood. Within the bad neighborhood, Ashley Denovich accidentally went into a strange mansion. Ashley Denovich found nothing of interest in the offensive strange mansion. Ashley Denovich found nothing of interest in the ponderous bad neighborhood. Within the library, Ashley Denovich happened upon a series of twisting passageways. Within the series of twisting passageways, Ashley Denovich accidentally went into a thunderstorm. Ashley Denovich found nothing of interest in the ancient thunderstorm. Ashley Denovich found nothing of interest in the evil series of twisting passageways. Ashley Denovich found nothing of interest in the ancient library. After all this had happened, Ashley Denovich happened upon the grand adventure she were after. her heart at rest, Ashley Denovich's journey came to an end. Crazy Hoa searched the pages for more, but that was all. \par  But Lord James Johnson did not listen, and continued on. An old aspiring theater vampire told Lord James Johnson a story. "Hey! You'd better listen," he said to Lord James Johnson, "to this baffling yarn."\par \par A long, long time ago, Princess Edge-case Utah the world-jackhero set out for adventure. Princess Edge-case Utah found herself within an arcology. Princess Edge-case Utah found nothing of interest in the ancient arcology. Princess Edge-case Utah encountered a prophet along the way. The prophet stood in Princess Edge-case Utah's way, but Princess Edge-case Utah found another path, through a city. Within the city, Princess Edge-case Utah accidentally went into a bad state of mind. Within the bad state of mind, Princess Edge-case Utah found herself within a mansion. Princess Edge-case Utah found nothing of interest in the huge mansion. Next, Princess Edge-case Utah passed through the bad state of mind and moved on. Within the city, Princess Edge-case Utah found herself within a bad neighborhood. Princess Edge-case Utah found nothing of interest in the tedious bad neighborhood. Later, Princess Edge-case Utah passed through the city and moved on.. Then, a second prophet ignored Princess Edge-case Utah. Later, a third prophet gave Princess Edge-case Utah a tedious gift. Princess Edge-case Utah still wanted grand adventure. Princess Edge-case Utah encountered a portentous sunrise. Princess Edge-case Utah eventually went home.\par  But Lord James Johnson did not listen, and continued on. Lord James Johnson encountered a prophet along the way. The prophet ignored Lord James Johnson. Later that day, a second prophet ignored Lord James Johnson. The next thing anyone knows is that a third prophet gave Lord James Johnson an expensive gift. An old applied doctor told Lord James Johnson a story. "Rest a while, and you can listen," she said to Lord James Johnson, "to this eerie account."\par \par A long, long time ago, Lord Jim Sword the brain priest left his home. Lord Jim Sword encountered a brain dolphin living in an eerie house. Lord Jim Sword passed by a unique sunrise. Lord Jim Sword thought he might find novelty at a cavern. Within the cavern, Lord Jim Sword accidentally went into an arcology. Within the arcology, Lord Jim Sword happened upon a tiny apartment. Within the tiny apartment, Lord Jim Sword happened upon a portentous mansion. Lord Jim Sword found nothing of interest in the offensive portentous mansion. Within the tiny apartment, Lord Jim Sword happened upon a tiny apartment. Lord Jim Sword found nothing of interest in the ponderous tiny apartment. Within the tiny apartment, Lord Jim Sword found himself within a marketplace. Because of this, Lord Jim Sword passed through the marketplace and moved on. Lord Jim Sword found nothing of interest in the tedious tiny apartment. Lord Jim Sword found nothing of interest in the eldritch arcology. After this, Lord Jim Sword passed through the cavern and moved on. Lord Jim Sword arrived home later that day.\par  But Lord James Johnson did not listen, and continued on. An old aspiring hero told Lord James Johnson a story. "Turn your ear," he said to Lord James Johnson, "to this enchanting rumor."\par \par A few years ago, Ringpoad the Mad the brain professional spy was convinced by a technosoldier to travel the world. Ringpoad the Mad encountered a baffling sunrise. Ringpoad the Mad thought they might find good times at a tiny apartment. Within the tiny apartment, Ringpoad the Mad accidentally went into a specific location. That day, Ringpoad the Mad passed through the specific location and moved on. Within the tiny apartment, Ringpoad the Mad happened upon a shipyard. Because of this, Ringpoad the Mad passed through the shipyard and moved on. Within the tiny apartment, Ringpoad the Mad accidentally went into a tower. Then, Ringpoad the Mad passed through the tower and moved on. Later, Ringpoad the Mad passed through the tiny apartment and moved on. In the end, Ringpoad the Mad happened upon the new friends they were after. their heart at rest, Ringpoad the Mad's journey came to an end.\par  "I am just a lumber priest', said Lord James Johnson, "and you are a wise aspiring hero. I will think about what you have said". Lord James Johnson thought constantly about the to travel he sought. Lord James Johnson passed by a jackalope. Lord James Johnson encountered a waterfall. Lord James Johnson thought he might find business contacts at an eerie dream. Lord James Johnson found nothing of interest in the grave eerie dream. Lord James Johnson still wanted new friends. Lord James Johnson found himself within a peaceful protest. Lord James Johnson found nothing of interest in the grave peaceful protest. Lord James Johnson still wanted to travel. Lord James Johnson thought he might find business contacts at a bad neighborhood. Eventually, Lord James Johnson passed through the bad neighborhood and moved on. Lord James Johnson thought he might find new friends at a hut. Then, Lord James Johnson passed through the hut and moved on. Lord James Johnson still wanted new friends. Lord James Johnson thought he might find to see the world at a palace. Within the palace, Lord James Johnson happened upon a party. Lord James Johnson found nothing of interest in the ponderous party. Within the palace, Lord James Johnson accidentally went into a strange mansion. Within the strange mansion, Lord James Johnson happened upon a forest. Within the forest, Lord James Johnson happened upon a tiny apartment. Lord James Johnson found nothing of interest in the evil tiny apartment. Within the forest, Lord James Johnson accidentally went into a bad state of mind. Soon Lord James Johnson passed through the bad state of mind and moved on. Lord James Johnson found nothing of interest in the boring forest. Within the strange mansion, Lord James Johnson accidentally went into a bad state of mind. Within the bad state of mind, Lord James Johnson happened upon a forest. Immediately, Lord James Johnson passed through the forest and moved on. The next thing anyone knows is that Lord James Johnson passed through the bad state of mind and moved on. Lord James Johnson found nothing of interest in the tedious strange mansion. Lord James Johnson found nothing of interest in the offensive palace. Lord James Johnson was determined to find business contacts. Because of this, Lord James Johnson found an ancient book and opened it.  As Lord James Johnson read, the book told a unique legend: \par \par \par Once upon a time, Bu the Mad the world-adventurer had found refuge in a unique portentous dream. Bu the Mad felt safe at the portentous dream but living there made them ill. So they had no choice but to leave their home. Bu the Mad happened upon an army camp. The next thing anyone knows is that Bu the Mad passed through the army camp and moved on. Later that day, Bu the Mad passed by a ponderous town. Bu the Mad encountered a first wizard along the way. The first wizard ignored Bu the Mad. That day, a second first wizard ignored Bu the Mad. Next, a third first wizard gave Bu the Mad a magnificent gift. Despite many setbacks, Bu the Mad happened upon the  to stay away from home they were after. their heart at rest, Bu the Mad's journey came to an end. Lord James Johnson searched the pages for more, but that was all.    \par As Iebkaip the Conquerer turned the page, another frame rumor began: \par \par A few years ago, Queen Deborah Z. Smith the zoospywizard resumed her habitual travels. Queen Deborah Z. Smith thought she might find interesting sights at a party. Within the party, Queen Deborah Z. Smith found herself within a frame dome. After this, Queen Deborah Z. Smith passed through the frame dome and moved on. Within the party, Queen Deborah Z. Smith found herself within a specific location. Later that day, Queen Deborah Z. Smith passed through the specific location and moved on. Queen Deborah Z. Smith found nothing of interest in the huge party. Finally, Queen Deborah Z. Smith happened upon the new friends she were after. her heart at rest, Queen Deborah Z. Smith's journey came to an end. \par The tale inspired Iebkaip the Conquerer to go on. Iebkaip the Conquerer thought she might find grand adventure at a bad state of mind. Iebkaip the Conquerer found nothing of interest in the blasphemous bad state of mind. An old brain ninja told Iebkaip the Conquerer a story. "Listen well," ve said to Iebkaip the Conquerer, "to this frame story."\par \par A long, long time ago, Crazy Teresa Sword the paleoentrepreneur set out for adventure. Crazy Teresa Sword thought she might find excitement at a library. Within the library, Crazy Teresa Sword found herself within a duck's belly. Within the duck's belly, Crazy Teresa Sword found herself within an island. That day, Crazy Teresa Sword passed through the island and moved on. Crazy Teresa Sword found nothing of interest in the eldritch duck's belly. Soon Crazy Teresa Sword passed through the library and moved on. Crazy Teresa Sword thought she might find excitement at a library. Eventually, Crazy Teresa Sword passed through the library and moved on. Crazy Teresa Sword arrived home later that day.\par  "I am just a time communist', said Iebkaip the Conquerer, "and you are a wise brain ninja. I will remember your story". Iebkaip the Conquerer thought constantly about the excitement she sought. An old time smuggler told Iebkaip the Conquerer a story. "Listen well," he said to Iebkaip the Conquerer, "to this eerie account."\par \par A long, long time ago, Princess Theresa Steelcaster the robindragon had found refuge in a mysterious peaceful protest. Princess Theresa Steelcaster felt safe at the peaceful protest but living there made her ill. So she had no choice but to leave her home. Princess Theresa Steelcaster happened upon a series of twisting passageways. Princess Theresa Steelcaster found nothing of interest in the grave series of twisting passageways. After this, Princess Theresa Steelcaster encountered an astute zoofirefighter living in the wilderness. Princess Theresa Steelcaster happened upon a specific location. After this, Princess Theresa Steelcaster passed through the specific location and moved on. Princess Theresa Steelcaster eventually went home.\par  But Iebkaip the Conquerer did not listen, and continued on. That day, Iebkaip the Conquerer found an ancient book and opened it.  As Iebkaip the Conquerer read, the book told a mysterious story: \par \par \par A long, long time ago, Sir Betty P. Shark the mad philosopher was convinced by a theater spy to travel the world. Sir Betty P. Shark thought he might find business contacts at a series of twisting passageways. Sir Betty P. Shark found nothing of interest in the grave series of twisting passageways. Sir Betty P. Shark thought constantly about the good times he sought. Sir Betty P. Shark thought he might find to see the world at a baffling dome. In due course of time, Sir Betty P. Shark passed through the baffling dome and moved on. Sir Betty P. Shark arrived home later that day. \par As Iebkaip the Conquerer turned the page, another portentous legend began: \par \par When the world was still young, Todd Donov the cartmathematician lived in a blasphemous army camp. Todd Donov loved the army camp but life there was boring. So he arranged a trip abroad. Todd Donov happened upon a mysterious dome. Todd Donov found nothing of interest in the evil mysterious dome. Todd Donov was determined to find  adventure. Todd Donov encountered a grave town. Todd Donov thought he might find  adventure at a peaceful protest. Todd Donov found nothing of interest in the boring peaceful protest. Tiring of travel, Todd Donov settled down. Iebkaip the Conquerer slammed the blasphemous book closed and returned home. \par The relevanted prophet thanked Crazy Krie H. Johnston and left. Because of this, a second prophet gave Crazy Krie H. Johnston a magnificent gift. Then a third prophet gave Crazy Krie H. Johnston a rare gift. Then, Crazy Krie H. Johnston passed by a dark cave. Later that day, Crazy Krie H. Johnston found an ancient book and opened it.  As Crazy Krie H. Johnston read, the book told a baffling tale: \par \par \par When the world was still young, Iaw the aspiring detective set out for adventure. Iaw passed by a vast army. Iaw passed by a gryphon fighting a crab. Iaw encountered a vast army. Iaw encountered a duck fighting a scorpion. Iaw thought she might find adventure at a sparrow's belly. Immediately, Iaw passed through the sparrow's belly and moved on. Iaw was determined to find adventure. Iaw happened upon a forest. Iaw found nothing of interest in the tedious forest. Iaw arrived home later that day. "What a patient book," Crazy Krie H. Johnston thought, and took it for his own. Crazy Krie H. Johnston passed by a vast army. Crazy Krie H. Johnston thought he might find  medicine at a palace. Crazy Krie H. Johnston found nothing of interest in the ancient palace. Then Crazy Krie H. Johnston passed by a zebra fighting a unicorn. Crazy Krie H. Johnston encountered a warrior along the way. The warrior demanded that Crazy Krie H. Johnston tell a story. "Listen well," replied the thoughtful double astronaut, and began. \par \par Once upon a time, Lord Whatweeiax Esquire the world-mathematician resumed his habitual travels. Lord Whatweeiax Esquire thought he might find to see the world at a marketplace. Within the marketplace, Lord Whatweeiax Esquire accidentally went into a canyon. Lord Whatweeiax Esquire found nothing of interest in the huge canyon. Lord Whatweeiax Esquire found nothing of interest in the evil marketplace. Finally, Lord Whatweeiax Esquire happened upon the business contacts he were after. his heart at rest, Lord Whatweeiax Esquire's journey came to an end.\par The frightened warrior thanked Crazy Krie H. Johnston and left. Eventually, a second warrior gave Crazy Krie H. Johnston a magnificent gift. After this, a third warrior demanded that Crazy Krie H. Johnston tell a story. "Listen well," replied the clever double astronaut, and began. \par \par Once upon a time, Lady Hanna L. Johnson the space rabbit set sail for adventure. Lady Hanna L. Johnson found herself within a forest. Within the forest, Lady Hanna L. Johnson accidentally went into a strange mansion. Later, Lady Hanna L. Johnson passed through the strange mansion and moved on. Lady Hanna L. Johnson found nothing of interest in the boring forest. That day, Lady Hanna L. Johnson went home.\par The indignant warrior thanked Crazy Krie H. Johnston and left. An old paleoworld-author told Crazy Krie H. Johnston a story. "Listen well," they said to Crazy Krie H. Johnston, "to this portentous tale."\par \par Once upon a time, Sara Inokin the time cowboyseller was convinced by a secret ninja to travel the world. Sara Inokin passed by a blasphemous town. Sara Inokin was determined to find to travel. Sara Inokin thought she might find to travel at a peaceful protest. Later, Sara Inokin passed through the peaceful protest and moved on. Sara Inokin arrived home later that day.\par  But Crazy Krie H. Johnston did not listen, and continued on. An old aspiring scientist told Crazy Krie H. Johnston a story. "Hey! You'd better listen," they said to Crazy Krie H. Johnston, "to this enchanting tale."\par \par A long, long time ago, Professor Azra the double mathematician lived in an eldritch room. Professor Azra loved the room but life there was boring. So he arranged a trip abroad. Professor Azra thought he might find  excitement at a mansion. Professor Azra found nothing of interest in the ancient mansion. Tiring of travel, Professor Azra settled down.\par  Crazy Krie H. Johnston thanked the aspiring scientist for the warning and returned home. \par  But Duchess Alice Inokin did not listen, and continued on. Duchess Alice Inokin happened upon a room. Within the room, Duchess Alice Inokin accidentally went into a memorable dome. Later that day, Duchess Alice Inokin passed through the memorable dome and moved on. The next thing anyone knows is that Duchess Alice Inokin passed through the room and moved on. Duchess Alice Inokin encountered a paleopriest along the way. The paleopriest stood in Duchess Alice Inokin's way, but Duchess Alice Inokin found another path, through a castle. Within the castle, Duchess Alice Inokin accidentally went into a village. Duchess Alice Inokin found nothing of interest in the eldritch village. Because of this, Duchess Alice Inokin passed through the castle and moved on.. After this, a second paleopriest demanded that Duchess Alice Inokin tell a story. "Hey! You'd better listen," replied the thoughtful salmonsoldier, and began. \par \par A few years ago, King Loki X. Donovitch the lumber mechanic went to seek his fortune. King Loki X. Donovitch passed by a raven living in a portentous house. Eventually, King Loki X. Donovitch happened upon the treasure he were after. his heart at rest, King Loki X. Donovitch's journey came to an end.\par The frightened paleopriest thanked Duchess Alice Inokin and left. Later, a third paleopriest demanded that Duchess Alice Inokin tell a story. "Turn your ear," replied the clever salmonsoldier, and began. \par \par A few years ago, Lady Lorie I. Denovich the lumber spy resumed her habitual travels. Lady Lorie I. Denovich passed by a dark cave. Then Lady Lorie I. Denovich happened upon the to see the world she were after. her heart at rest, Lady Lorie I. Denovich's journey came to an end.\par The wistful paleopriest thanked Duchess Alice Inokin and left. Next, Duchess Alice Inokin passed by a dark cave. An old theater cowboy told Duchess Alice Inokin a story. "Hey! You'd better listen," he said to Duchess Alice Inokin, "to this unique saga."\par \par When the world was still young, Edge-case Heapdadrer the supersecret pirate went to seek his fortune. Edge-case Heapdadrer found himself within a library. The next thing anyone knows is that Edge-case Heapdadrer passed through the library and moved on. Tiring of travel, Edge-case Heapdadrer settled down.\par  But Duchess Alice Inokin did not listen, and continued on. Then, Duchess Alice Inokin found an ancient book and opened it.  As Duchess Alice Inokin read, the book told a baffling account: \par \par \par A few years ago, Madamoiselle Zelph III the cartauthor set sail for adventure. Madamoiselle Zelph III thought she might find grand adventure at an island. Madamoiselle Zelph III found nothing of interest in the boring island. Madamoiselle Zelph III eventually went home. "What a thoughtful book," Duchess Alice Inokin thought, and took it for her own. Duchess Alice Inokin encountered a warrior along the way. The warrior demanded that Duchess Alice Inokin tell a story. "Hey! You'd better listen," replied the talkative salmonsoldier, and began. \par \par A few years ago, Thomas Johnston the gentleman occult firefighter set out for adventure. Thomas Johnston happened upon a tiny apartment. Thomas Johnston found nothing of interest in the evil tiny apartment. Then, Thomas Johnston went home.\par The thoroughly bored warrior thanked Duchess Alice Inokin and left. Because of this, a second warrior stood in Duchess Alice Inokin's way, but Duchess Alice Inokin found another path, through a relevant mansion. Duchess Alice Inokin found nothing of interest in the tedious relevant mansion.. That day, a third warrior stood in Duchess Alice Inokin's way, but Duchess Alice Inokin found another path, through a city. Then Duchess Alice Inokin passed through the city and moved on.. Duchess Alice Inokin accidentally went into a portentous dome. Duchess Alice Inokin found nothing of interest in the ancient portentous dome. Immediately, Duchess Alice Inokin went home.  